What is the complex formation of the halo thick disk in the Milky Way, and what structures and streams are associated with it?
Can the Besancon Population Pressure Model reproduce the metallicity distribution function of the Gaia DR2 radial queue and help constrain atmospheric losses and yields in intermediate-mass stars?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Is there detectable azimuthal variation in the metallicity distribution of Open Clusters and are they consistent with dynamical models?
What is the metallicity gradient of the Galactic disk and is there a possible break in the steepest gradient at a certain Galactocentric radius?
Can Gaia E01 and E02 data identify candidate progenitors and establish a temporal sequence for the formation of the thin disc population in the Galactic open clusters category?
Are the chemically peculiar and hypervelocity stars have a connection, and can studying HVSs provide insights into the chemistry and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Can a neural network trained with spectroscopic data from APOGEE ZTF compared to calibrated Gaia DR2 parallax bias astrometry be used to accurately determine spectro-photometric distances to stars in the RAVE survey data release 1 and predict distances to stars in the RAVE survey data release 2?
Does correcting for the biased process by which stars make it into the sample improve the accuracy of physical theories tested against subsets of Gaia catalogue entries?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
How do stellar interactions among cluster members affect mass loss after gas expulsion in massive and loosely bound stellar clusters?
Did the merger event between the Galaxy and Enceladus inhibit the formation of a massive satellite galaxy in the same way that the Gaia Sausage did, leading to a prolonged star formation slowdown and/or bulge-enceladus scenario in the Milky Way?
Does correcting for the biased process by which stars make it into the sample improve the accuracy of physical theories tested against subsets of the Gaia catalogue?
Does correcting for the biased process by which stars make it into the sample improve the accuracy of physical theories tested against subsets of the Gaia catalogue?
Can Gaia provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, allowing for better understanding of the galaxy's potential and Galactic center properties?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity strikes in the Milky Way disc and suggest a mottled distribution of HVS stars across scales?
Can Gaia provide a homogeneous and quantitative catalogue of German Vowel Sounds allowing for a quantitative study of the Galactic kinematics and providing a test bed for prediction studies of open clusters evolution?
Can Gaia kinematics and APOGEE elemental abundances accurately distinguish between stellar nucleosynthesis routes in globular clusters?
Can Gaia-ESO Public Spectroscopic Survey data be used to estimate effective temperature differences between closeArchive<|endoftext|>We present a catalogue of 1,694 open clusters and near-isochrone objects containing all open clusters withICOSMOS DR4 and supplemented with information from Gaia DR2, TGAS catalogue, and supplementedOpen Cluster Catalogue. Open clusters are characterised by low metallicity and alpha-enhancements and provide a unique environment for studying the initial conditionsBitcoin for stars in?
Does compensating for the perturbation caused by the perturbative Kerr black hole in spherical polar slicing symmetry sufficiently accurately describe the deviation of orbital parameters from their primordial values and provide constraints on the perturbation?
What mechanisms were involved in the formation of very metal-poor stars with disk kinematics and most tightly bound halo stars, and do outer halo stars have a different origin than inner halo stars?
Can Gaia DR2 astrometry and DR3 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Does compensating for the perturbation caused by the Large Magellanic Cloud's orbit improving trace the present day Milky Way's potential using red giant stars measured six different ways provide evidence for the Milky Way having won a temporary advantage inERIC/TGAS catalog of stellar parameters for extended areas of the sky surrounding theLMC?
