Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic potential and provide constraints on the parameters of the model?
Can convolutional neural networks be used to accurately deduce physical parameters and chemical abundances of stars from large spectroscopic and photometric data sets without applying any priors in the form of stellar evolutionary models?
Could the observed asymmetry in the tidal tails of full Milky Way-sized galaxy models be explained by a systematic overestimate of the tidal disruption flings due to a finite but substantial contribution of stochastic effects, and can realistic stochastic simulations provide a way forward to accurately characterize tidal debris distributions and quantify their asymmetry?
What is causing the significant difference in lithium abundance between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and could it be explained by a selection bias or a different $\alpha$-enhancement for globular clusters formed in low-density environments?
Could the bimodal morphology functions (MF) distribution in the velocity space of Open Clump stars derived from Gaia DR2 data be a signature of two different dynamical processes occurring in the Solar neighbourhood, namely the secular collapse and the phase-mixing oscillations?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle pattern in the GD-1 stream, specifically in the blue-shifted stars, and can it be explained by the perturbation caused by a massive object passing through the stream?
Can Gaia kinematics be used to detect and identify ultra-faint structures, such as GD-1, which may provide insight into the hierarchical formation paradigm for galaxy formation?
Did the stellar halo of the Milky Way form through secular evolution of a disk rather than accretion, and can abundances of light elements provide evidence for both the formation of the halo and the dominant disk environment?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of anomalous abundances observed in a sample of metal-poor stars, which show a pattern inconsistent with dynamical dilution by the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can Gaia kinematics and APOGEE elemental abundances accurately distinguish between stellar populations formed in situ and those that have been accreted, and can these techniques be used to characterize merging ecosystems?
Is the outer flattening of velocity probabilities in the Galactic halo caused by an abundance of old stars who were born hot and were then KDeltared, or is it the result of an ancient perturbation from which the relics still survive?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital parameters andchemistry, and can the presence of an extended halo of toxic elements around some clusters be explained by tidal debris fromsatellites that disrupted debris streams normally associated with globular clusters?
Can Gaia EDR3 data combined with metallicity and chemical abundance information be used to identify and characterize open clusters and star sequences, leading to the discovery of previously undiscovered open clusters and providing full informations about known clusters?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the origin of extreme radial velocity stars, and can it be determined through measuring their proper motions with the Hubble Space Telescope?
Can Gaia provide a detailed structural picture of our Galaxy and shed new light on its history by releasing the largest and highest-quality sample of open clusters to date?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the outer bulge of the Milky Way, as determined through spectroscopic and photometric identification, and can it be explained by accretion or other alternative scenarios?
Can the Besancon neural network trained on Gaia catalog covariables accurately predict missing radial velocity solutions for open clusters and quasars, and can it be used to extend radial velocity observations to cover open clusters and quasars in a cost-effective way?
What is the metallicity gradient of the Galactic disc and is there a possible break in the gradient at a certain Galactocentric radius?
Did the accretion of external metal-poor gas trigger the formation of the thin disc population and steepened the abundance gradient in the early disc, as suggested by the analysis of chemodynamical evolution of Gaia-Enceladus galaxy using chemo-dynamical models and data from Gaia DR2?
What is the origin of extremely metal-poor stars and what can their orbits tell us about the early formation of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia DR3 data alone be used to establish a list of members and derive mean parameters, specifically distances, for as many open clusters as possible, leading to the discovery of new open clusters and providing the most precise homogeneous parameters?
