Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 288, which will be extremely helpful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of open clusters positively correlated and can the identification of coeval open clusters with consistent chemical tagging provide insights into the earliest stages of star formation and the evolution of the Galactic disc?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia kinematics be used to identify and characterize merger debris in the local stellar halo, and can the signature left by a tidal debris disk in the ionosphere of a dwarf galaxy be used to constrain the time of a stellar event and distinguish between a primordial origin and a satellite-induced phenomenon?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can Gaia data be used to discover and characterize hypervelocity stars not associated with known globular clusters or current slaughter zones, and provide constraints on the multiple-population phenomenon and the slope of the Milky Way's metallicity-velocity relation?
Can a three-dimensional map of the hydrogen density distribution be created using X-ray spectral fits and accurate parallax and distance measurements, which can reveal small-scale structure that cannot be modeled by analytical density profiles?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable metallic-content indicator?
Can the Besancon Galaxy Model be improved by considering radial and vertical chemical gradients and incorporating Gaia-TGAS parallax information?
Can Gaia kinematics and APOGEE elemental abundances accurately distinguish between in-situ stars synthesized fromGaia-Enceladus and distant stars siphoned from a common progenitor, and can this ability beused to constraints the stellar mass of theGaia-Enceladus event and the time of its occurrence?
What is the three-dimensional distribution of Galactic dust grains and their scale heights, and which model (single disk or two disks) better fits the distribution based on a probabilistic traceback algorithm?
Can Gaia kinematics and APOGEE elemental abundances accurately distinguish between coeval groups of halo stars and provide a complementary selection function for future spectroscopic surveys?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What are the distance, age, and extinction law to the Galactic globular cluster NGC 288 makeups, and what is the underlying cause of the observed large deviations of the isochrones from the data?
Is M62-VISTA1 a candidate stellar-mass central in a accretion event in a star cluster or a progenitor to a binary system in a young stellar association?
What are the possible progenitors, their stellar mass, and supernovae explosion energy of five CEMP-no stars, and are they related to any known open clusters, supernovae events, or stellar explosions?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia kinematics be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other direct detection methods?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201 in the Inner Bulge of the Milky Way, and can the chemodynamical model's predicted stream parameters and velocities be validated?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Does the internal motion of the thick disk in the solar neighborhood have a variety of mechanisms that can be individually modeled using stellar populations with appropriate elemental abundances and traced metal-rich tail stars, and can the kinematics measured by Gaia DR2 be used to constrain the dynamics of the outer thin disk and open up the possibility of tracing the birthplaces of solar-type stars in the inner thick disk and getting a better understanding of the formation of the thick disk and the kick received by young?
Can the Gaia FGK Benchmark Stars library provide a homogeneous and reproducible method to assess and calibrate spectral analyses in current and future spectroscopic surveys?
What physical parameters and mechanisms, such as radial gas flows and variable efficiency of star formation, are involved in the formation and evolution of Milky Way thick and thin discs, and can the lost gas from Enceladus be responsible for the formation of the thick disc but not the thin disc?
Are the kinematic properties of two outer halo globular clusters, M 75 and NGC 6362, consistent with their metallicities and ages, and can chemo-dynamical models provide a clearer understanding of the factors influencing the bimodal metallicity distribution function in the outer halo?
Can Gaia kinematics and APOGEE elemental abundances accurately distinguish between in-situ globular clusters and ex-situ halo accreted globular clusters, and can these techniques be used to map the structure of the Galactic halo and measure the velocity dispersion of different halo substructures?
