What mechanisms were involved in the formation of very metal-poor stars with disk kinematics and why do they differ from the situation for ultra-metal-poor stars, providing new constraints on the buildup of the chemical enrichment in the disk and the nature of the stellar halo?
What physical mechanisms are responsible for the ejection of late-B type uniﬀoﬀ stars from clusters and what relation do ejection times and velocities have to spacetime singularities?
Is the Galactic warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that alters the distribution of radial stellar streams in the disk but leaves them unaffected in the thin disk and outer disks?
Do isolated neutron stars and black holes exist in our Galaxy in large numbers and can they be identified using microlensing events and astrometric measurements?
Does compensating for the perturbation caused by the Large Magellanic Cloud's gravitational potential sphere require modifying Newtonian gravity or could it be done within the confines of general relativity using a scalar field?
Does compensating radial gas inward flow in a Galactic disc galaxy with proportional velocity perturbations in the form of streaming flow eliminate the need for radial migration and provide a predictive constraint on the efficiency of convection?
Does varying the warp amplitude in Gaia DR2 parallax determinations of stars give consistent results for the distance scale of the Milky Way stellar halo, and how sensitive are parallax determinations to systematic errors?
Can combining data from different astrometry sources be used to construct an extensive catalog of properly flagged radial velocity members, providing a homogeneous backbone for upcoming spectroscopic surveys and allowing for comparisons between samples extracted from different datasets?
Could the observed strong asymmetries in the tidal debris distributions of symmetric Galactic globular clusters be explained by selective destruction of debris on one side of the cluster, potentially resulting from tidal stripping, and could the observed symmetric distributions of debris confirm that tidal debris was evenly distributed across the cluster prior to tidal stripping?
Do globular clusters evolve differently inside and outside a Galactic center, and can their kinematics provide insight into the dynamical history of the progenitor galaxy and the properties of its tidal field?
What mechanisms were involved in the formation of very metal-poor stars with disk kinematics and most tightly bound halo stars, and do theseStars provide key constraints on the primordial abundances of elements produced inearly neutron star mergers?
Did metal-rich halo stars in the Solar neighbourhood form in-situ within globular clusters rather than being accreted from satellite systems?
Can convolutional neural networks be used to accurately deduce physical properties of stars directly from spectral energy distributions, and can this technique be used to study large samples of stars with minimal observational constraints?
How do stellar interactions among cluster members affect mass loss after gas expulsion in massive and loosely bound stellar clusters?
Are hypervelocity stars a universal phenomenon across different galaxies, and can their observational constraints reveal new insights into the properties of galaxies, globular clusters, and dwarf planets?
Could hypervelocity stars be a result of supernovae occurring within binary systems in a disc of stars around Sgr A*, and could their distributions provide evidence of the disc's geometry?
Can the chemically peculiar and hypervelocity star HVS17 be used to probe the morphology of the Milky Way's disk and identify regions ofongoing or past association with globular clusters?
Does compensating for the effects of lensing distortions during spectroscopic measurementchain together with cross-talk reduction improve the accuracyof mass estimation for globular clusters?
Is SGP-S a previously undiscovered open cluster located in the Galactic bulge, and what observational features suggest that it may originate from the inner rim rather than the core?
Are the chemical abundances of stars in the high-energy retrograde halo significantly different from those in the low-energy forward motion halo, and can they provide insight into the formation of the Milky Way's halo?
Could the recent passage of the Milky Way galaxy through the Virgo overdensity be the culprit behind the observed overdensity of faint dwarfs and globular clusters in the constellation Virgo, and the underdensity of brighter objects such as globular clusters Gaia1 and Gaia2?
Is the split of the dominant spiral mode into two components in the outer disc of the Milky Way galaxy a universal property of disc galaxies undergoing fragmentation, and is it related to the formation of major arms?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, allowing for improved dynamical modeling of the galaxy and better constraint on the mass of the Milky Way?
Do accreted globular clusters in the Milky Way galaxy cluster together in kinematic space, and are they differentiated from in-situ globular clusters?
What mechanisms were involved in the formation of very metal-poor stars with disk kinematics and how do they differ from stars with halo-like orbital characteristics?
