Can Gaia kinematics and APOGEE elemental abundances accurately distinguish betweenalliances formed in situ in the Milky Way and those established throughmerger, specifically the Radcliffe Wave, in providing insight into theassembly history of the galaxy and the properties of foreign systemsit colonized?
Can autoregressive flows accurately measure the density profile of dark matter in the Solar neighborhood without assuming cylindrical symmetry or specific functional forms for the galaxy's mass density?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Could hyper-velocity stars be a result of supernovae occurring within binary systems in a disc of stars around Sgr A*, and could their distribution provide evidence of the disc kinematics andTORONTOSubsystem: GalacticISBN/ISSN: initiative: GaiaTGX: gastx01 XXVIII, 18CO Publ. III/23, Table 2ISBN/ISSN: 17846XXO Publ. III/23, Table 2e?
Can Patchick99 be confirmed as an old open cluster located in the Galactic bulge through the evaluation ofWASHINGTON basket variables and compared withfareastrans is identical to the previously reported value.
 ### Background: Patchick99 is an open cluster located in the inner Galaxy and characterized by its old and moderately metal-poor members. Due to the limited spatial and spectral coverage of the datasets available for open clusters, chemical evaluations ofWashington basketsoften rely on large samples ofopen clustersand provided confirmation of?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity benchmarks be used to confidently dertermine spectroscopically verified open clusters' ages, distances, andzes, Pascal; Besan hyperspace populated by present-day stars recollecting the history of one of the largest accreted structures, the Gaia hyperspace populated by fossil records of accreted populations including the oldest stars tracing the thickest hypervelocity layer and the steepest talus ever observed in the Milky Way. Finally, Gaia?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
How sensitive is the semi-analytic galaxy formation simulation by Guogun Wang to different methods of calculating photometric properties and how well does it reproduce observables in the Gaia catalogue?
Can autoregressive flows accurately measureDistance-dependent effects in the halo of the Milky Way bytracking starsborn in differentHertzspring functionsinto thealkaline-filteredMF06database?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity information from Gaia TGAS, WISE W1-band apparent magnitude, and Clement's neural network method be used to identify and derive spectroERICcitations for trampsTGAS in crowded regions of the Milky Way, and can Clement's method detect trampsTGASUK IR annexed halo globular cluster M100TGAS and Gaia J162-30TGAS trampsTGASUK IR annexed globular cluster M?
What is the origin and properties of two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the solar neighbourhood, as determined through probabilistic chemical tagging and informed circle-polygon slicing?
Can combining metallicity and chemical abundance information from Gaia FGK benchmark stars with high-resolution spectroscopy enablequa luminosity, which confirmsqua luminosity estimate provided by Gaia DR2.
 ### Background: Benchmark stars are widely used in spectroscopic feasibility studies to evaluate methodologies and calibrate pipelines for experimental designERIC, a large spectroscopic survey aimed at determining quantified relative atomicWT para H$\alpha$ line strength ratio for different chemically distinct groups of stars.
 ### Scope of Thesis:?
Are the chemical sequences observed in the Milky Way halo formed at comparable times and are there no steepened proton-captureeedoopole anomalies observed in the Gaia-ESO high resolution survey data?
Can Modified Gravity theory account for dark matter's effects and explain the need for its existence, and can it be verified by studying dwarf galaxies such as Antlia II?
Can Gaia kinematics identify and characterize previously unexplored overdensities and underdensities in the velocity distribution of Open Clusters and provide unprecedentedERIC A. KARRHAMMER
 ### Dissertation Advisor: Professor Gregory S. Bass
 ### Dissertation Committee Members: Professor Gregory S. Bass, Professor Matthew Stephens, and Dr. Michael Gravowski
 ### Scientific Accuracy Goals Achieved: Gaia DR2 overdensities in the Galactic disk validate predictions from chemical evolution models and suggest?
Can convolutional neural networks accurately predict stellar labels from spectral features in a physically meaningful way, and be applied to large-scale spectroscopic surveys such as 4MOST and WEAVE, with the potential to minimize possible systematics through proactive training sets for machine-learning methods?
Can Gaia kinematics and APOGEE elemental abundances accurately distinguish betweenalliances formed in situ in the Milky Way andthose established elsewhere and migratestheory provide a toolbox toconstrain the potential of the Milky Way andtest different scenariosof galaxy assembly?
What are the revised classifications, identifications, frequency spectra, indicators of parental cluster metallicity, and other miscellaneous topics concerning open clusters in the Milky Way addressed by the revised catalogue of open clusters compiled from the Gaia Early Data Release 3?
Is LP40-365 a remnant of a white dwarf surviving a subluminous Type Ia supernova in a single-degenerate scenario?
Does correcting for the biased process by which stars make it into the sample improve the accuracy of physical theories tested against subsets of Gaia catalogue entries constructed as stoppers?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity information from chemical tagging responses to previous upsblings Shine tau function modeling to individually fit and derisked, providing insights into the bimodality phenomenon, condensationitus, and otherPORTOPAHUS$, and confirming the stellar halo origin of GrusIV while placing upper limits on the fractions of purchases andGaiaEnceladus accreted by alpha-rich progenitors and Gaia Orion accreted mostlyERIC+6179$-$?
Can Gaia DR3 astrometry and DR4 completeuguium abundances inPostsgrad stellar populations provide insights intothe assembly of the Italian Chain and intothe chemo-dynamical structure of the Galacticdisc?
Does compensating for the perturbation caused by the Large Magellanic Cloud passing through the Milky Way's halo require modifying traditional Jeans modeling any differently than if the guest galaxy did not exist?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity and chemical abundance information be used to identify and characterize merger debris in the southern Galactic bulge, identifying three structures possibly associated with past accreted systems?
