Are the chemical and kinematic properties of the oldest and thickest part of the Galactic disc, the Crescent, consistent with it being formed in a relatively sterile environment and/or prior to the formation of significant quantities of stars?
Does the Gaia dataset reveal substructure in the disc and halo populations of the Mediterranean Sea and is there evidence for accretion event(s)?
 ### Thesis: Can the data from the Gaia mission be used to construct a detailed and accurate picture of the structure and history of the Mediterranean Sea, including the upper mantle?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the local stellar halo?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through spectroscopic and photometric analyses?
Does the Gaia DR2 parallax dataset have a bias that needs to be corrected, and can Bayesian distances and the statistical method of Schoenrich, Binney, Asplund, & Boesgaard provide a way to determine whether a bias exists and what the effect of a bias would be on distance estimations?
Could the Galactic globular clusters have been tidally stripped from deeper galaxies belonging to larger structures before being accreted by the Milky Way?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Are the observed breathing motions in the Milky Way driven by spiral density waves, as proposed by Gaia DR2 data?
Does the Gaia data release 1 astrometry have the ability to detect structures in the Galactic stream environment usually associated with overdensities, such as the Orphan Stream, and can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to constrain the gravitational potential of the Milky Way and confirm whether the Milky Way is in equilibrium or not?
Can the Besancon population synthesis models, together with Gaia data, be used to constrain the star formation history of the Milky Way and produce a credible and precise estimate of its age?
Does the presence and amount of position-velocity substructure in the halo of the Milky Way provide evidence of a disrupted satellite system and can the kinematics of the brightest points in the Milky Way's halo be used to measure the mass of the galaxy and identify potential satellite systems?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way's stellar kinematics, and what constraints on the galaxy's mass and concentration can be derived from it?
Is the formation and evolution of thick and thin disc structures in the Milky Way Galaxy a generic thick disc galaxy and a thick disc environment.
 ### Thesis: Can the Gaia-ESO survey data be used to constrain the dynamical properties of the thick disc and identify thick and thin thickens, and characterize the overdensities and underdensities in the disc.
### Background: The European Southern Observatory (ESO) Open Time program issued a call for proposals for the second data?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and derivatives with respect to phase-space variables?
Can a data-driven approach using artificial neural networks accurately derive spectro-photometric distances of stars, and can this method be used to study massive open datasets such as the Gaia catalogue?
Is the observed kinematic overdensity of around 30 kpc in the local Galactic halo a result of the dominant warp inducing a tidal effect or a vortex-like structure?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
Can the Gaia FGK Benchmark Stars library provide a homogeneous and reproducible method to assess and calibrate spectral analyses in current and future spectroscopic surveys?
Can convolutional neural networks be used to accurately deduce physical parameters and chemical abundances of stars from large spectroscopic and photometric data sets without applying any priors in the form of stellar evolutionary models?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and determine their parameters, including metallicity, age, and distance?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity clouds and confirm the existence of an HVC in the Galactic stellar halo?
Can the new Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
