Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypernova supernovae and estimate their distances?
Can the use of extended kinematical maps and the application of the Jeans equation, along with spectroscopic data, provide a more comprehensive understanding of the dynamics of the Milky Way and its bimodal star-formation history?
Does Gaia provide accurate absolute magnitude values for open clusters, and can the open clusters catalog be used to estimate the parameters of the Galactic potential and test different gravity theories?
How can the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters be explained given current dynamical models?
Are the carbon-rich dwarf stars with halo-like kinematics in the Milky Way Galaxy the most probable candidates for tidal debris and can the abundance patterns of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars provide decisive evidence for the tidal origin of stars with low-$\alpha$-element abundances?
Are the possible extended star clusters identified in the Gaia catalogue associated with stellar evolution phenomena such as mass-loss, bipolar outflows or stellar winds?
Could the recent passage of the Galactic center, not a black hole, cause the observed tidal disturbances in the disk and explain the need for strong radial tides in some models?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry from the Gaia mission shed light on the complex kinematics of the inner halo and help constrain the merger history of the Milky Way?
Can the new deep near-infrared images provided unparalleled spatial resolution and allowed for the identification of thousands of new stellar candidates, including low-mass and intermediate-mass stars, variable stars, and variable cluster candidates?
Does the metallicity distribution in the Milky Way reflect the formation of the halo in two parts, with a thick disk dominated by accretion from dwarf galaxies, and a thin disk dominated by in-situ gas condensation?
How do the metallicity gradients of mono-age stellar populations formed in different environments compare, and what does this tell us about the chemical enrichment history of the Milky Way?
Can the distribution of open clusters in the spatial, kinematic, and chemical dimensions provide insights into the formation mechanisms and dynamical evolution of the Milky Way's stellar populations?
Does systemic rotation in Galactic globular clusters have a primordial origin and what is the relationship between rotation strength and various kinematical and structural variables in Gaia-Enceladus, Orphan-Chenobov, NGC 288, NGC 362, NGC 752, and NGC 362?
Can chemical abundances, derived from spectroscopic surveys of the Milky Way, be used to detect interesting substructures, and what constraints do they place on the galaxy's formation models?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new stellar groups and member stars within them, and can the temporal structure of the velocity distribution of member stars be used to characterize the dynamics of the group and constrain the potential?
What is the formation scenario of Westerlund 17 (Wd17) using chemo-dynamical analysis of its stellar components and how does it relate to the observed kinematics and metallicity?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and measure the abundances of chemical abundances in dwarf white dwarf stars, which cannot be studied otherwise due to their extreme temperatures?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV-CL1607 photometric catalogue reveal structures in the halo region of the Milky Way that are correlated with those in the dense debris of the Local stream, thus supporting the hypothesis of a common origin for the structures in the haloes of the Milky Way and in the tails of the Milky Way streams?
Does atomic diffusion during main sequence star formation cause variations in the surface chemical abundances of born stars, and can this process be modeled using a mathematical framework adapted for non-equilibrium systems?
Are the kinematic properties of two outer halo globular clusters, M 75 and NGC 6426, consistent with their respective ages and metallicities?
What is causing the discrepancy between stellar evolution models' predictions and observational results regarding the presence and extent of sodium and aluminum overabundances in red giants, and what factors are influencing the behavior of [Na/Fe] versus [Fe/Fe]?
Do globular clusters associated with the core in Gaia-Enceladus have chemically peculiar abundances and are they kinematically coherent in the Milky Way halo?
Does correcting the underestimated Gaia DR2 parallaxes of OB associations lead to a reduction of the derived metallicity distribution function and metallicity-dependent parameters in the range 0.01<[Mg/Fe]<0.3 dex, which could explain the discrepancy between Gaia parallaxes and spectroscopic metallicity measurements in some cases?
What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way disc's stellar kinematics, and how does it constrain the galaxy's mass components and dark halo properties?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by resonances with a yet-to-be-discovered dwarf galaxy or a perturbation from the Large Magellanic Cloud?
