Can Gaia EDR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201 in a plausible scenario for human occupants of the Milky Way some 250 million years ago?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity templates be used to accurately determineJavaScript: generate_paper hypothesis: Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity templates be used to accurately determineJavaScript: generate_paper the distance, age, and interstellar reddening coefficient of Sh 2-306, and lend support to previous determinations of the stellar parameters and age?
What are the metallicity gradients of Galactic thick disk stars within different distance ranges and how do they provide valuable information for the chemical evolution models of the disk?
Is SB 796 a high-velocity star that oscillates at a range of Galactocentric distances, passing near the center of the galaxy several times during its estimated lifetime?
Could the density perturbations observed in the GD-1 stream be caused by an abundance of dark substructures, and what is the total abundance and mass fraction of these subhalos?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Is the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic bulge caused by different distributions of $\alpha$-abundances for metal-rich and metal-poor components?
Can Gaia DR2 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity stellar objects and distinguish between potential HVSORono and non-accelerated foreground stars?
Can the Besancon Population Synthesis Models be adapted to compute lithium and beryllium abundances in open clusters and give key parameters related to the chemical evolution of the Galaxy?
What is the metallicity gradient of the Galactic disc and is there a possible break in the gradient at a certain Galactocentric radius?
What are the metallicity gradients of Open Clusters and can they provide trustworthy chemical timestamp for different biological time scales?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can Gaia kinematics be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity clouds and confirm the existence of a correlated spatial distribution of overdensities in the Milky Way?
Could the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy be explained by the tidal disruption of a larger galaxy similar in mass to the Milky Way, and could future surveys detect the tidal debris to help constrain the galaxy potential and inform galaxy formation models?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Does correcting for the biased process by which stars make it into the sample improve the accuracy of physical theories tested against subsets of the Gaia catalogue?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the local stellar halo, leading to a better understanding of the origins of the halo's substructure and potential maps of their distribution?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way, and can their metallicity distributions and chemical similarity analyses provide insight into the lost starBURST and Splash libraries include a large fraction of hyper-runaway stars, suggesting that they may be a universal phenomenon in massive star clusters and one mechanism for the energization of the lost star catalogue?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and distinguish open clusters with relative historic times and temperatures criteria?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity and chemical abundance information be used to identify and characterize merger debris in the southern Galactic bulge, specifically in identifying retabulated debris such as NGC 362, NGC 288, and Reticulum, and distinguishing it from earlier accreted overdensities such as Monoceros and Chimera?
Does correcting for the biased process by which stars make it into the sample improve the accuracy of physical theories tested against subsets of Gaia catalogue entries containing information on chemical abundances, metallicity, and vital parameters?
Can Gaia kinematics and APOGEE elemental abundances accurately distinguish between coeval groups of high-mass star and previous studies have limitations that constrain the applicability of their methods?
Can Gaia EDR3 data be used to identify and study open clusters and substantiate the list of confirmed open clusters in the Milky Way compiled by Schoenrich et al.?
 ### Background: What are open clusters, and what are their distinct characteristics and parameters compared to globular clusters and proton-evaporated subsystems?
Are the chemically peculiar and hypervelocity stars have a correlation, and can the list of hypervelocity stars from Gaia DR1 be screened for peculiarity?
