Did the Sequoia Event provide a substantial accretion episode, distinct from Gaia Sausage, that built the high energy retrograde stars in the stellar halo, as well as several globular clusters and retrograde subgroups thereof?
Could ultracool dwarf candidates identified in the Gaia Catalog of Nearby Stars be further explored using high-resolution spectroscopy to establish their physical parameters, ages, binarity, abundances, and kinematics, and determine their nature?
What mechanisms were responsible for the ejection of hypervelocity stars with velocities greater than 100 km s-1 from the disk of the Galaxy?
Could the Galactic globular clusters be associated with tidal debris from older mergers and provide a unique opportunity to trace the history of the mergersEpisode: Episode 33, aired April 27, 2020
 ### Intro Video: What mysterious force caused half of a massive dwarf galaxy to disappear without a trace, leaving behind unusual overdensities in the star count statistic and a tantalizing list of suspects in the lorentz factor space?
Can convolutional neural networks accurately predict stellar labels from spectral features in simulated spectroscopic surveys, and be trained on manually labeled datasets to mitigate potential biases?
Did massive accretion events cause explosively flared luminosities and jet formation in very old populations of massive stars similar to RaBP-1 and MGIRS-1?
Can the fractal nature of the Milky Way be used to accurately estimate its gravitational potential and circular velocity without the need to consider dark matter?
Do isolated neutron stars and black holes exist in our Galaxy in vastNumbers, and can they be identified using microlensing events measuredorto micrometrewave telescopes?
What mechanisms were involved in the formation of ultra metal-poor galaxies with halo-like overdensities, which deviates from predictions by cold dark matter theories?
Can incorporating Gaia parallax biases, selection effects, and systematic effects help improve predictions of luminosity gradients and distance chains in the Galaxy?
What mechanisms were involved in the formation of very metal-poor stars with disk kinematics and most tightly bound halo stars, and do theseStars provide insights into the earlier assembly history of the Milky Way andthe properties of the progenitor dwarf galaxies that were shredded to formthe thick disk?
What are the metallicity gradients of Galactic thick disk stars within different distance intervals and how do they provide valuable constraints on models of chemical evolution?
What mechanisms were involved in the formation of very metal-poor stars with disk kinematics and distinct chemical characteristics from other ultra-faint/thin disk stars previously considered as chemically indistinguishable?
Do open clusters show an increasing trend in neutron-capture abundance ratios as a function of decreasing cluster ages, and how does the extrapolation of observed abundances to absolute zero metallicity using concordance parametrization ASTROFFEL affect the predicted temporal trends in neutron-capture abundance ratios?
Does compensating for systematic effects that adversely affect spectroscopic determinations of metallicity entail developing and applying models for elemental abundance derivations due to spectroscopic errors?
Do isolated neutron stars and black holes exist in our Galaxy in vast Numbers, and can they be identified using microlensing events and astrometric measurements?
Can sparse surveys ofSamsung globular clusters with Gaia DR2 astrometry andupdated probabilistic approach to detecting themImproveourknowledgeof the Galactic overdensity constituting Open clusters andisolatedabundancesidentified in astrometric datasetsProvidea homogeneous catalogueofOpen clustersavailableforusewithOpen clustersidentifiedin Gaiaearlydataandconfirmedthrough comparisonswith other catalogues andalternativemethods of identificationsuch as proper motionmeasurements or identifiedthrough otherOverdensitiesconstituentsystems?
Are the Gaia benchmark stars good representatives of typical foreground stars in the Galactic background and can they be used to validate and calibrate methods that aim toStudy the spatial, chronological, and metallicity dependence of the Open Cluster effectPerform spectroscopic and photometric isochron rightsolving and derive metallicity distributionsOpen Clusters are known to occlude streams of foreground stars, and typically exhibit metallicity dips which can mask the overdensity of hypervelocity starsFound no evidence for overdensity in Gaia DR?
Could hypervelocity stars be a result of supernovae occurring within binary systems in a disc of stars around Sgr A*, and could their distribution provide evidence of the disc's geometry?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity and chemical abundance information be used to identify and characterize merger debris overdensities in the Milky Way globular cluster system and suggest potential tidal sloshing events associated with specific clusters?
Can Gaia DR3 astrometry and DR4 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize merger debris across the Galaxy, and can the velocity distribution and chemodynamical properties of merger debris provide insight into the history and assembly of the Italian Beam and Gemini overdensities?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity precedctions and chemical tagging be used to identify and characterize merger debris structures and streaming chambers in the Galactic overdensity associated withArchives?
Was the star-formation event that triggered the discovery of IC 166 that intense?
Can convolutional neural networks accurately predict stellar labels from spectral features in a physically meaningful way, and be applied to large spectroscopic surveys to automate the task of deriving atmospheric parameters and abundances for millions of stars?
Can Gaia EDR3 distances be validated and compared to other distance sources for benchmark stars, and can precise distances be used to trace substructure in the halo blamed for the blump at depths exceeding 15 kpc?
