Can Gaia data be used to discover new open clusters and members of known associations, and can the associations and overdensities detected in the space density function of young stars be explained by dynamical processes?
Could irregular outflows from a central massive black hole explain the bimodal metallicity distribution function observed in globular clusters NGC 7492 and M92, and would the metallicity difference between innermost and outermost shells confirm a correlation between chemical enrichment and ejection time?
What is causing the significant difference in radial velocities between spectroscopic surveys and astrometric samples for dynamically old halo stars, and is it related to metallicity or age?
Can convolutional neural networks accurately predict stellar labels from spectral features in a physically meaningful way, and be applied to large-scale spectroscopic surveys such as 4MOST and WEAVE?
Can the chemically peculiar naturemion dwarf star with extreme kinematics and velocity dispersion features be explained by the star having experienced a close passage near massive black hole Sgr A* in the center of our galaxy?
Did metal-rich halo stars in the Solar neighborhood form in-situ rather than being accreted from mergers?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity information from spectroscopic catalogues be used to identify and characterize merger debris overdensities in the halo, leading to the discovery of new structures and further understanding of the origins of the progenitor dwarf galaxies now part of the Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage constellation?
Did metal-poor globular clusters in the Milky Way form in-situ within high-redshift massive halos rather than being stripped from dwarf galaxies or satellite galaxies?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity stars and potentially trace back the phase space distribution function of the halo gravitational potential?
What is the origin and characteristics of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of open clusters in the local halo region of the Milky Way Galaxy, and how do they differentiate from sequences observed in globular clusters, which until now have accounted for all known open clusters in the halo?
Did metal-rich halo stars in the Solar neighbourhood form in-situ within bursts of star formation rather than being accreted from satellite systems?
Can the metallicities and systemic radial velocities of globular clusters be derived using near infrared low resolution spectroscopy, and can the homogeneous metallicities obtained for globular clusters separated by tens of megaparsecs kilometers per second squared, consistent with cosmological calculations for the average matter density of the Universe.
 ### Background Photo: This globular cluster M92 photographed through a red filter reveals bright streams of stars that escaped from the cluster and have been deflected by tens of kilometers per second squared toward the?
Are the chemically peculiar and very metal-poor globular clusters NGC 2419 and Terzan 8 part of a unified picture and are they the result of inhomogeneous star formation rather thanchelating globular clusters typically associated with poleeshung star particles and enhanced scatter Events thatlead to the formation of chemical oddities such as Terzan 8 andNGC 2419.
 ### Thesis: NGC2419 and Terzan 8 are chemically peculiar globular clustersassociated with?
Did metal-rich halo stars in the Solar neighborhood form in-situ within globular clusters rather than being accreted from satellite systems?
How selective is the Jeans equation Jeans stability criterion when considering a population of stars confined in a potential well, and can it be used to determine the lowest resonant radial velocity without considering perturbations due to the presence of the potential well?
What caused the phase spiral in the zV_z phase plane of the Galaxy's disc components and could it have been excited by a massive object passing through the plane?
What mechanisms are responsible for the ejection of late-B type unbound hyper-runaway stars from the Galactic disk?
What mechanisms were involved in the formation and evolution of ultracool dwarfs, and can isotope ratios in stellar samples be used to distinguish between them?
Do wide binary components have consistent metallicity and elemental abundance, confirming their common origin and supporting their use for various studies related to white dwarf research, variable stars, and globular clusters?
Did the accretion of external metal-poor gas trigger the formation of the thin disc population and steepened the abundance gradient in the early disc, as suggested by the analysis of chemodynamical evolution models combined with observational abundances?
Can convolutional neural networks accurately predict stellar labels from spectral features in simulated spectroscopic surveys?
What is the dynamical age of the Tucana-Horologium young stellar association and does it reconcile with the previously reported stellar and dynamical ages?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Was the star forming episode that triggered the discovery of Gaia SDSS! lodged within 250 pc north and south of the Sun between 0.5 Gyr ago and 0.3 Gyr ago, implying relatively recent and clustered origin.
 ### Background: Gaia is a space observatory designed to survey the celestial sphere every 26 days for 2 years, observing continuously throughout the night, and detect astrometric targets up to ≈20 km-Galactocentric?
What stars are included and excluded from the Gaia-verse of catalogues and how does the completeness of the catalogues depend on Gaia's spinning rate and precession rate?
