Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
Is there evidence of an intermediate-mass black hole in the center of the globular cluster NGC 6397 or a diffuse dark inner subcluster of unresolved objects?
Can the "VISTA Variables in the Via Lactea eXtended (VVVX)" survey identify and provide information on previously undiscovered open clusters and star clusters in the Galactic disk?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 288 have a correlation with the distance from the cluster's current location in the Galactic disk, and can this correlation be used to estimate the cluster's original birth location in the disk of the Galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the VVV survey allow for the derivation of distances, atmospheric parameters, and abundances for $10^{4}$ stars in the Galactic disk and provide a calibration catalogue for spectroscopic distances for future Gaia data releases?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can a neural network approach using photometry and parallax with dust extinction estimation accurately determine the metallicity and distance of over one million white dwarfs in the Solar neighborhood and beyond, and can it be used to study spatial and kinematic variations in the abundance patterns of elements from first- and second-generation stars?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars, and how does it relate to the bimodality observed in high-redshift stars and the "dwarf-dwarf" MDF predicted by galaxy formation models?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and measure proper motions of old and interloping globular clusters, including those outside the nominal 1 kpc Galactic radius, and provide a unique and complementary dataset for globular cluster catalogs?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate a cluster of similar stars in the region, and study the region's structural properties?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the physical parameters of its stars and tracing their orbits?
What are the origins and characteristics of the five discrete kinematic overdensities observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they relate to theories of dynamical fragmentation and birth shocks?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by various dynamical mechanisms such as resonances with the Galactic bar, spiral structure, or phase-mixing of an external perturbation?
Does the morphology and evolution of Mira pulsation period in Oxygen-rich Miras throughout the Milky Way disk and thick disk support the inside-out and slow rollover models for disk formation?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through analyzing the proper motions, spectral characteristics, and overdensity properties?
Is there a correlation between stellar galactocentric velocity and planet occurrence in the Solar neighborhood?
What are the different physical processes that cause warm-starting in young stellar clusters, and how do they depend on various cluster parameters and the individual stars?
What are the different physical mechanisms that can explain the observed kinematic substructure in the halo of the Milky Way, including the "graceful" and "dirty" substructures, and how do they relate to the observed $\alpha$-enhancement and $\beta$-depression patterns in the halo?
What is the nature, origin, and kinematics of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-CL160, an intermediate-mass black hole in a globular cluster, and how does it compare to other known black holes in globular clusters?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud, and how do the chemical and kinematic characteristics of stars in these clusters relate to the three possible scenarios for their origin?
What is the age, distance, and interstellar reddening of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 5904, and what is the chemical composition and structure of its stars, using high-resolution spectroscopic surveys combined with photometric distance estimates?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can this correlation be used to extend the metallicity scale into the near-infrared?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in the Large Magellanic Cloud contribute to the distribution of hypervelocity stars, resulting in a dipole density distribution on the sky and a tendril in the velocity distribution?
Does the metallicity of stars in the high-velocity tail of the Milky Way's disc correlate with their distance from the center, and can this be used to estimate the galaxy mass and/or dark halo properties?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by resonances with a perturbation in the shape of a wave function or a distribution of mass on a curve?
Can the use of Gaia data with proper motion and parallax measurements, combined with spectroscopic follow-up, help determine the age, metallicity, and kinematics of millions of objects and reveal structures, including stellar streams, not previously identified?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Is FSR1758 a globular cluster, and what are its orbital parameters and potential extra-tidal stars around it?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide information on the formation and orbital evolution of the stellar disc, as well as the effects of recent massive satellite accretion and radial migration?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately predict missing radial velocity solutions for open clusters, and can this approach be used to discover previously unknown open clusters and extend the known open cluster parameter space?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23 and isolate the member stars, which will enable chemical modeling to determine the star's age and binarity, and constrain the star's kinematic parameters and velocity dispersion?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data sets, and can the method be used to reveal systematic effects and provide internal consistency checks for the APOGEE data set?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can a non-parametric and smooth model for the underlying velocity field in the Milky Way be constructed using sparse Gaussian processes, and can this model be used to accurately estimate the solar motion and constrain the galaxy's potential?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the new Gaia data be used to constrain the Galactic potential and provide accurate parameters for Open Clusters, globular clusters, and the outer thin disc?
What is the age, distance, and metallicity of the stellar stream GD-1, and what additional information about the Milky Way can be derived from the proper motions of its stars?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the formation of ultra-metal-poor stars, specifically the hypothesis that low-mass binaries can act as "factories" that synthesize ultra-faint stars by ejection of excess material?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What are the kinematic trends and structure of the Monoceros Ring and associated sub-structure in the Galactic Anti-centre region, and can a model be developed to explain the observations?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect new stellar streams and provide insight into the properties of the Galactic acceleration field on various scales?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic stream environment and provide insight into the kinematics and chemistry of the material that makes up the stream?
What are the origins and properties of the phase mixing process in dynamically "colder" orbits, and how does the lack of a well-defined snail shell in hotter orbits challenge current scenarios for the origin of the phase space mixing?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor system of the Milky Way correlate with the strength of the outflow in the leading arm of the galaxy, and can this be explained by a scenario in which the outflow was triggered by the expulsion of a low-metallicity system?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age structures of the brightest and faintest member stars in the old elliptical galaxy M87, and how do they relate to the observed metallicity and elemental abundances?
What is the nature of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high transverse velocity stars in the solar neighborhood and how can their properties be used to determine their origin?
Is the formation of spirals in the (z,v_z) phase plane of solar-neighbourhood stars a universal feature in simulations of stellar discs?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high-velocity stars in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
What are the origins of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the solar neighborhood, and how do their chemical compositions and migratory histories provide insights into the formation of the Milky Way's thick disk and outer stellar halo?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a bias in the kinematics of satellites when they are predominately aligned with the bar, as predicted by numerical simulations?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by gravitational perturbations from a large Milky Way bar, a dark matter halo, or a supermassive black hole?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 dataset, and how can it be explained by the presence of two populations with different chemical compositions?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to determine the absolute proper motions (APMs) of white dwarfs and provide a unique and competitive sample of stars with APM measurements?
What are the different origins of the metal-rich, high-velocity stars known as the "super-solar" or "stripper" phenomenon, and how do their chemical compositions and abundances provide insight into the formation scenarios for the Milky Way's thick and thin disks?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, allowing for better understanding of the galaxy's potential and Galactic center properties?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machinae, effectively identify possible fake stars in astronomical datasets without relying on astrophysical assumptions or prior knowledge of the galaxy being analyzed?
What are the origins and properties of the phase-space substructures in the disc of the Milky Way that separate stars with different kinematics, specifically the co-rotating and counter-rotating substructures, and how do they relate to the spiral pattern in the velocity distribution?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures observed in the outer halo of the Milky Way in terms of their physical parameters, morphology, and angular momentum?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used with proper care to detect and characterize the vast and heterogeneous old open cluster population, including those outside the solar neighborhood, and provide key information on their physical parameters and chemical composition?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocity space with a particular velocity, and can it be explained by an external perturbation such as a dwarf galaxy or a strong tidal disturbance in a dwarf galaxy?
Can Gaia data, when combined with metallic line and chemical abundance information, be used to accurately determine the ages, stellar masses, and reddenings of stars younger than 4.5 billion years and form a catalogue of the faintest and most complete open cluster in the Milky Way?
What are the possible origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical compositions and kinematics characteristics previously identified as potential members of the Gaia-Enceladus or Gaia-Sausage structures?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can a machine learning model reliably identify extended stellar halo stars, even when they have been accreted into a galaxy and are mixed in with other types of stars, using data from the Gaia DR2 release?
Does the Milky Way bar cause more efficient star-forming environments in the inner disk and could this explain the observed differences in the chemical composition of thick-disk stars between hemispheres?
Can the Gaia mission's five-dimensional data set, including proper motions, distances, and elemental abundances, serve as a test bed for methods of astrometry, spectroscopy, and chemical abundance derivation, and provide a unique opportunity to validate and advance our understanding of the physical parameters of the Galaxy?
What is the age of the thick disk and the high-alpha/metal-rich thin disk based on the kinematics of red clump stars determined by Gaia DR2 data?
Can Gaia DR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity stars and potentially provide a more accurate estimate of the young stellar population in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars identified in the Gaia catalogue, and how do their chemical and kinematic properties provide insight into their formation scenarios?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Can the {\it Gaia} satellite detect the kinematic signatures of the Milky Way's bar and produce a three-dimensional map of the young stellar population in the disk that can be used to estimate the scale height and the pattern speed of the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by various models for the Milky Way's gravity or by a perturbation in the Milky Way-Sigar model?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other survey methods?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect new stellar streams and provide insight into the properties of the Galactic acceleration field on various scales?
What are the different dynamical mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematic maps of Gaia DR2 data, including the radial and vertical components, in terms of out-of-equilibrium models?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures observed in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how can their properties at red giant branch (RGB) and their evolutionary stages be determined?
Is there a correlation between the period and age of helium-rich pulsators in the globular cluster NGC 288 and the helium abundance in the Galaxy?
Does the metallicity distribution of the Galactic disk show a correlation with age that can be used to estimate the disk's radial metallicity gradient and provide evidence for the "thin disk" and "outer disk" structures?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable metallicity indicator?
What is the age of the Milky Way's inner thin disc and how does it relate to the other self-consistent cosmological models?
Is M62-VISTA1 a candidate stellar-mass black hole in a globular cluster?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23 and isolate the core of the cluster, confirming that it is dynamically relaxed and identifying the stellar population with the highest probability of being the core?
Can the use of Gaia DR2 data with PSF corrects allow for precise distance estimates for millions of stars and open clusters and provide a consistent and accurate chronology of the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance, radial velocity, and kinematic parameters of its stars?
Does the presence and amount of binary companions in globular clusters correlate with their orbital properties and mass?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide a more accurate estimation of the age of the Milky Way?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsided perturbation in the Milky Way's disc known as the Snail and how does it relate to the strength and angular momentum of stars in the outer disc?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
Can the new Galaxy model, which is a local group halo galaxy with a super-Solar metallicity, be used to constrain the accuracy of cosmological models and determine the slope of the primordial abundance variance of helium and other elements?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV-CL1607 formula for deriving distances lead to a less biased distance scale compared to other methods, and can it be used to provide a more homogeneous and comprehensive catalogue of objects with parallaxes?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 radial velocity sample, and can it be explained by the following scenarios: (1) sample selection bias; (2) metallicity measurement uncertainty; (3) metallicity scale; or (4) bimodal MDF in?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular clusters and identify potential workers for future catalogues?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular cluster systems and determine their physical parameters, including metallicity and distance?
What is the nature of the X-ray spectra and variability characteristics of the new variable source in X-ray binaries, 045210-694802, during its first X-ray campaign using XMM-Newton?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct orbital properties and chemical characteristics previously claimed to be candidate hypervelocity stars?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from an ancient merger, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark-matter halo?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotating neutron stars or peculiar stars rather than slow cooling of "seed" populations?
What is the nature and origin of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical signature and bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Milky Way halo?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a precise and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, allowing for better understanding of the galaxy's potential and Galactic center properties?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream associated with NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint galaxy candidates, and can these clusters and candidates be compared with predictions from Galactic evolution models to gain insights into the origins of the Galactic disc and its thick and thin components?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and constrain the dynamical mass and age of the cluster?
Can the Gaia DR3 dataset be used to detect and identify candidate stellar streams surrounding the Milky Way, and can the method proposed in this paper be used to quantitatively estimate the mass of each stream and provide a global picture of the structure of the Milky Way's halo?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can Gaia data alone be used to establish a distance ladder for the main-sequence stars in the Galactic bulge and establish the local standard of rest?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, kinematics, radial velocity distribution, and chemical abundances of its stars?
What is the nature of the different populations co-existing in the Galactic thick disk, and how do they differ in terms of chemical and kinematic properties?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle pattern in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by a perturbation from a discrete source or a non-axisymmetric potential rather than a perturbation from a black hole?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Is there a possible link between the Milky Way halo and the Large Magellanic Cloud based on the similar kinematics of its members?
What is the nature and origin of the two different populations of stars observed in the halo of the Milky Way in the optical and near-infrared ranges, and how do their chemical compositions, ages, and kinematics provide insights into their formation scenarios?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratio N/O found in a sample of extremely metal-poor stars, and how does it relate to the observed chemical enrichment patterns in the Milky Way and other low-metallicity systems?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What is the age of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362 and how does it compare to previous estimates?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia datasets, and can the resulting scale factors be used to improve precision and reduce systematic errors in elemental abundance measurements from future spectroscopic surveys?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information contained in the astrometric entry, including information about the observation conditions and possible systematic effects?
Can the Gaia satellite's unique capabilities provide a more accurate and precise measurement of the distance to the Galactic centre and help shed light on the Galaxy's dynamical properties?
Does the morphology of vertical motions in the Milky Way galaxy provide insights into its dynamics and the effects of external factors, such as the Large Magellanic Cloud, and can it be used to construct a quantitative map of the dark matter density?
Can a neural network approach using photometry and parallaxes accurately estimate the metallicities and distances of red giant stars, and can it be used to study spatial and kinematic gradients with metallicity in the Galactic bar?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometric data be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the Milky Way, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of dwarf galaxies?
Can the Gaia DR1 catalog be used to identify and characterize the kinematics and structure of the previously identified stellar overdensities in the Milky Way, including OB star overdensities, and provide a first glimpse into the kinematics and structure of the central disc?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsided perturbation in the Milky Way's disk known as the Snail and how does it relate to the strength and angular momentum of stars in the outer disk?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the proper motions, spectral type, radial velocity distribution, and kinematics of its stars?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can the {\it Gaia} satellite detect the kinematic signature of the Milky Way's bar and provide insight into the link between observations, theoretical modeling, and simulations?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm structures in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer parts of the disc?
Can the use of Gaia DR2 data with PSF-matching techniques provide a precise and accurate parallax bias parameter for distant fields, allowing for the construction of homogeneous parallax biases for individual objects and the measurement of local structure in the Galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can a novel approach of consistently populating star particles with stars and producing a theoretical catalogue of mock stars accurate to Gaia values be used to evaluate the selection function of a given stellar sample and improve the accuracy of comparisons between samples drawn from different surveys?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on the Gaia DR2 astrometric solution for stars with a spectral type from F to K, and can the network be used to provide a continuous service estimating the quality of the astrometric solution for any Gaia astrometric solution?
What are the different dynamical mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematic maps of Gaia DR2 data, including the radial and vertical components, in terms of out-of-equilibrium models?
Can the Gaia satellite provide accurate astrometric solutions for cross-matched samples of variable stars, leading to a much smaller systematic error for the derivation of parameters related to the Krüger function, such as the distance scale, and paving the way for future spectroscopic surveys to determine proper motions with unprecedented accuracy and precision?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What is the nature and origin of hypervelocity stars that have velocities exceeding 200 km/s with respect to the Galactic center?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high transverse velocity stars in the solar neighbourhood, and how do they relate to the bimodal metallicity distribution function observed in the same diagram?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Gaia-Enceladus galaxy correlate with the strength of its tidal debris in the Milky Way, and can Gaia-ESO survey data be used to constrain the progenitor's tidal debris and determine whether it had a gas-rich or disk-centred formation environment?
What are the kinematic properties and chemical compositions of the oldest and thickest disc component of the Milky Way, and how does this information compare with predictions from cosmological simulations?
What are the kinematic and chemical properties of white dwarfs in the Solar neighborhood and how do they differ between those that formed in-situ and those that were accreted?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a gravitationally induced phenomenon that results in clumps of stars being pushed ahead of the rest-frame solar radius, or is it a non-dynamical artifact caused by inaccurate model assumptions or observational limitations?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 1261?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a much more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, compared to ground-based surveys?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsided perturbation in the Milky Way's disc known as the Snail and how does it relate to the strength and angular momentum of stars in the outer disc?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic stellar groups and reveal the structure and history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct parts, an inner and outer halo, and can these components be characterized by their chemical and kinematic properties?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning techniques reveal a need to update the catalogues of known stellar overdensities in the Milky Way and provide a estimate of the total population of halo stars in these structures?
Does the morphology of the low-mass halo in the Solar neighborhood, as revealed by globular clusters, distinguish between a "smooth" and a "lumpy" component?
Is there a possible link between the Milky Way spiral arms, RVphi-ridges, and moving groups in the local halo, and can they be identified using overdensities in angular momentum or by following their birth sites in the density field?
Can Gaia provide a more accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way and shed light on the properties of the potential and substructure within the galaxy, while also constraining the magnitude and scale length of the Galactic warp?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does it relate to the bimodal chemical evolution models for the thin and thick disks?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Does the morphology of the low-mass halo in the Solar neighborhood exhibit a signature of a disrupted structure due to a massive ancient merger?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machinae, effectively identify cold stellar kinematics and photometric variables associated with low-mass stars in data from Gaia?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and measure the dynamics of ultra-metal poor stars in the Milky Way, particularly in crowded environments such as globular clusters, and shed light on the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function at low-metallicity thresholds?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Does the morphology of the Galactic warp affect the kinematics of the disk and influence the position where radial migration reaches its maximum?
What are the kinematic trends and structure of the Monoceros Ring and associated sub-structure in the Galactic anti-centre, and can they be explained by various centrifugal sub-structure formation scenarios?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 DR4 data, and how does it relate to the bimodal alpha-enhancement fraction observed in a sample of metal-rich red giants?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, a K giant star located in the Galactic bulge with distinct chemical abundances and bimodal age estimates determined from spectroscopic and astrometric information?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus structure correlate with the strength of its tidal forces, and can we use this information to constrain the initial mass function and chemical enrichment of the Milky Way's disk?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical link between clusters and the halo, and can the parameters of the branches be constrained using Gaia DR3 radial velocity measurements?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be attributed to a perturber rather than a background galaxy?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data reduction pipeline accurately derive spectroscopic parameters and chemical abundances from near-IR spectral scans, and can it be used to study the chemodynamical structure of the Galactic disc?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars within a certain distance from the Galactic center, and how does it relate to the observed bimodal abundance ratios and bimodal chemical gradients?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the nature and frequency of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars in a sample of 1,694 bright, very metal-poor star candidates, and can transverse velocities be used as a confirmatory selection criterion for low-metallicity candidates?
What are the kinematics and properties of the identified stellar members of the tidal stream overdensity in which the globular cluster M92 resides, and can the use of Kepler data and Gaia data help to constrain the progenitor orbit and properties?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide information on the formation and dynamical history of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Does the presence and amount of position-velocity substructure in the halo of the Milky Way depend on the selection function and dimensionality of the study, and can it be used to constraints the properties of the dark matter distribution and cosmological parameters?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's inner and outer regions and determine its effects on the orbits of distant halo stars?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
What is the nature of the X-ray flares in the spectra of the Seyfert 1 galaxy Ark 564, and can they be explained by different physical mechanisms such as accretion disk evaporation, coronal heating, or oscillations in the disc?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what are the significant constraints on the initial mass function and dark matter halo that result from analyzing open clusters in the bulge?
What is the age and origin of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way stellar overdensity \textit{NGC 3627} and how does it relate to the kinematics and properties of other known overdensities, such as \textit{NGC 288} and \textit{NGC 3001}, as well as to?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner halo of the Milky Way, and can these structures confirm that they are debris of an ancient merger?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in the Large Magellanic Cloud contribute to the distribution of hypervelocity stars, resulting in a dipole density pattern that is symmetric about the center of the Cloud and has a larger amplitude in the southern than the northern hemisphere?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in determining the velocity distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and can Gaia DR2 data be used to identify and analyze samples from different environments?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Does the metallicity and age of the progenitor stars in the Gaia-Sausage merger correlate with their bimodal distribution in the Gaia DR2 radial velocity catalogue?
Can the new Gaia DR3 release be used to perform a detailed study of the structure and dynamics of the Milky Way's stellar halo and identify thousands of progenitor candidates, leading to a clearer understanding of the merger history of the Milky Way and offering promising constraints on the galaxy's gravitational potential and the accuracy of various methods that have been used to measure it?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
What is causing the discrepancy between stellar evolution models' predictions and observational data regarding the Li content in red giant stars, and what factors are influencing the behavior of Li abundance in different environments?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and provide insights into the origins and dynamical evolution of the stream?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with dwarf spheroidal galaxies?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity and chemical abundance information be used to detect and identify open clusters, including those with metallicities well below the typical threshold for open clusters, and can the Galactic open cluster catalog be improved through the identification and characterization of previously undiscovered open clusters?
Can the Gaia mission's science potential for astrometry be realized and what constraints on the mission do the requirements for the data set place on the selection function, the statistical methods used for analysis, and the systematic effects of the telescope, detector, and spacecraft?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Does the morphology of horizontal branch stars in globular clusters have consistent parameters for young and old samples, and can they be used to put constraints on the formation and evolution of the Galactic disk, as well as the initial mass function and star formation history of the disk?
Can the Gaia mission be used to determine the age and metallicity of over 300 million stars and reveal thousands of new stellar systems, while providing unprecedented constraints on the Galactic potential and confirming key predictions of the Galaxy model?
What is the age, distance, and mass of the Galactic globular cluster 47 Tucanae and how do they impact the understanding of the formation and history of the cluster and the bimodality of the isochrones for giant stars?
What is the origin of the \textit{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disk population and how are their patterns related to the dynamical properties of the thick disk?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way that have been accelerated by encounters with the Large Magellanic Cloud?
Does the morphology of vertical motions in the Solar Neighbourhood, specifically the pattern of spirals and arches, reflect the orbital evolution of different-sized particles, and can it provide insight into the origins of the Milky Way's spiral arms?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven novae rather than supernovae?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and confirm its dynamics?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of open clusters, which are explained by different scenarios for the formation of the thick and thin sequences?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia-ESO Survey (GES) open clusters, and how does it relate to the chemical evolution models' predictions and the known cluster members' metallicity distributions?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs along with spectroscopic follow-up produce a comprehensive catalogue of open clusters and near-isolation velocities in the Milky Way, allowing for the measurement of the vectorial Galactic velocity field and constituting a unique tool for subsequent spectroscopic studies?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can the use of high-resolution spectroscopic surveys, such as 4MOST and Gaia, allow for the construction of accurate dynamical models that can constrain the structural parameters and kinematics of stellar systems, and reveal the existence of kinematically hot and cold substructures?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population?
Can the new Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV-CL1608 photometric catalogue provide a more accurate distance estimation of the open clusters and reduce the large systematic uncertainties associated with the stellar parameter derivation?
Is there a possible link between the formation of extra-tidal structure and galaxy merging in $N$-body simulations of $\Lambda$CDM galaxies?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometric and photometric data be used to estimate the ages and metallicities of the old open clusters, and can the age and metallicity information of the clusters be leveraged to understand the formation of the Galactic disk and the chemical evolution of the Galaxy?
Is there a connection between solar motion and biodiversity variations on Earth, and can it be established whether the Sun's orbital parameters and angular momentum are consistent with the hypothesis of a causal link between solar motion and biodiversity variations on Earth?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the distribution of young stars in OB associations and lead to a revision of their historical composition?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machina, effectively identify possible stellar members of star clusters using only a small set of input parameters?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV survey allow for the construction of a precise distance ladder for open clusters and provide a consistent and reliable calibration of the cluster distance function?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures that have been reported in the Galactic halo, specifically the "turbulent" and "disrupted" kinematic populations, and can the characteristics of their chemical compositions, specifically the [$\alpha$/Fe] ratio, give insight into their origin?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the outer halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of systems with a specific number of spherical halo stars or a result of particular selection functions used in surveys?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect new stellar streams and provide insight into the dynamics and environment of Galactic globular clusters?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the catalog of classical Cepheids in the Milky Way and propose a new system for identifying the true Cepheids?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect new open clusters and determine their astrophysical parameters, including metallicity, binarity, age, and distance?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates, and provide a template for future spectroscopic follow-up of globular cluster candidates in the Galactic bulge?
Does the morphology and evolution of Mira pulsation period in Oxygen-rich Miras throughout the Milky Way disk and bulge provide evidence for the inside-out and upside-down formation of the stellar disk, and can it be used to constrain the dynamical history of the galaxy?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide information on the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Is FSR1758 a genuine globular cluster or a dwarf spheroidal galaxy with a tidal stream of stars, and what are the orbital and mass properties of the tidal stream?
Can the Gaia mission's second data release be used to constrain the dynamical matter density of the Galactic disc and determine whether or not it is in equilibrium?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high transverse velocity stars in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
What are the kinematics and chemical compositions of two outer halo globular clusters, M 75 and NGC 6241, and how do they differ from each other and from inner halo globular clusters?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machinae, effectively identify cold stellar streams in data from the Gaia telescope without relying on astrophysical assumptions?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and constrain the dynamical mass and age of the cluster?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 [C/Mg/Fe] MDF and how does it relate to the "jellyfish" structure and "dwarf spheroidal" shape of the Milky Way?
What are the origins of the low-mass stars with distinct chemical fingerprints that have been discovered in galactic globular clusters, and what can their discovery say about the early stages of stellar evolution and the formation of the clusters?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemistry, spatial distribution, and kinematics information provide insights into the formation of the bimodality and homogeneously polluted shells?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What is causing the discrepancy between stellar evolution models' predictions of the lithium abundance and observations, and what factors are influencing the behavior of [Li/Fe] versus [Fe/H]?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by various dynamical or kinematical modes or a combination of them?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does understanding the origins of these stars' velocities provide insight into the history and structure of the Milky Way galaxy?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries correctly distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any other astrometry quality metric?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by resonant perturbations from a massive companion star or a tidal disruption event?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machinae, effectively identify cold stellar kinematics and photometry data in a large spectroscopic survey such as 4MOST to produce accurate stellar parameters and elemental abundances?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high-velocity stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how can their observed chemical compositions be used to provide constraints on their formation scenarios?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical fingerprints and how do they relate to the Milky Way halo and other known star clusters?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with a particular galaxy?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct orbital properties and chemical characteristics previously claimed to be candidates for hypervelocity stars?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical signatures and how do their kinematic and spectroscopic properties provide insight into the formation of the Milky Way's halo and outer thin disk?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of phase-space distribution of kinematic and chemical properties in the Solar neighborhood?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-Rutgers candidates, and construct a comprehensive database of trigonometric parallax measurements on the order of one arcminute?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris from inner-halo globular clusters?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high transverse velocity stars in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, and can they be compared with previous spectroscopic and photometric determinations?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (molecular and classical) and how do their chemical and dynamical properties differ?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemistry, spatial distribution, and kinematics provide evidence for the co-formation of different populations of stars?
Can a neural network be used to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocity components from a Gaia DR2 catalogue and produce a comprehensive catalogue of solar system orbital parameters?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect new stellar streams and provide a characterization of the global properties of the Jhelum and Sudal strains?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-set of the most metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known chemical anomalies in the galaxy?
What is the origin of $r$-process elements in Gaia-Enceladus and can their high [{Eu}/{Mg}] ratio be explained by $r$-process enrichment through neutron-star mergers?
Can a neural network be used to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocity components from astrometry in surveys such as Gaia and provide a more comprehensive understanding of the Milky Way's kinematic and chemical properties without relying on external catalogs?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to establish a comprehensive catalogue of open clusters and variable stars, including their physical parameters, abundances, and kinematics, which can be used for various scientific investigations?
Does the metallicity of globular clusters correlate with the metallicity of the host galaxy, and can this relation be used to establish an empirical connection between the most massive galaxies and their largest known globular clusters?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-CL160, a variable star in the eclipsing binary system VVV?
Can a novel approach of consistently populating star particles with stars, including in enclosed environments such as the Large Magellanic Cloud, be used to build a theoretical catalogue of the stellar content of the LMC?
What are the kinematical and chemical properties of white dwarfs in the solar neighborhood and how do they vary with metallicity and alpha enhancement?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population and how are their patterns related to the dynamical properties of the Milky Way?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the improved methods provide a clearer picture of the structure and origin of the thin disc and allow for a better understanding of the factors that have shaped the formation of the thick disc and the initiation of its dissolution?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-velocity stars in the galaxy, and provide constraints on the mass of the galaxy?
Does the metallicity distribution in the solar neighborhood exhibit a correlation with the Galactocentric distance, and is there a possible break in the distribution at a certain Galactocentric radius?
What is the age, distance, and intergalactic reddening of the globular cluster NGC 2419, and how does the addition of post-disruption stars affect the estimate of the cluster's metallicity?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV-CL1608 photometric calibration catalogue provide a precise distance estimate of the centre of the Milky Way and its variations with respect to different open clusters, leading to a revised value of $R_{Freq}=7.94\pm0.04$ kpc?
What are the kinematic trends and structure of the Monoceros Ring and associated sub-structure in the Galactic halo, and how do they relate to the velocity distribution and chemical makeup of their member stars?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and GALAH surveys to investigate Galactic abundance trends?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way and providing unprecedented constraints on the galaxy's gravitational potential and external perturbations?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with disk dwarf galaxies?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way stellar warp, and how does it relate to the known gravitational potential and perturbations from massive black holes?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures observed in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how can their properties at birth explain the observed distribution?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can the {\it Gaia} satellite detect the kinematic signatures of the Galactic warp in the external halo, which may confirm the existence of the {\it Gaia}-Enceladus-Sausage structure and shed light on the kinematics of the inner and outer halos?
What are the different physical processes that drive the expansion of loose and compact massive star clusters, and how do they depend on initial cluster conditions and environment?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and distinguish open clusters that are chemically similar from those that are different, and can the open clusters be used to trace the chemical evolution of the Galaxy?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Helmi streams correlate with the metallicity of the progenitor of the Galactocentric velocity distribution at a particular Galactocentric radius?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through a probabilistic traceback analysis and characterization of its stars?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does it relate to the bimodal alpha-element to iron ratio observed in the bulge?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical signatures and how do they relate to the Milky Way halo and substructure, as well as other known low-mass systems?
Is the Galactic warp a gravitationally induced or a self-gravitating phenomenon, and can the kinematics of the Open Cluster population shed light on the issue?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with PSF-matching and proper care in the handling of phase-space uncertainties allow for accurate determination of the dynamical age distribution of the population in the Milky Way and reveal interesting substructure in the outer disc?
Can the Gaia satellite's unprecedented combination of accuracy, precision, and coverage allow for a detailed study of the spatial and kinematical distribution of the Milky Way's disc and provide a new tool for mapping the galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is the observed asymmetric velocity distribution of stars in the Milky Way's disk a result of a stochastic process or a signature of a more fundamental phenomenon, such as a left-right symmetry-breaking perturbation to the disk's equilibrium?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity stars and provide a clearer understanding of the relationship between HVSs and stellar groups in the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 288, and can the detailed chemical analysis of this stream help in tracing the origin of the progenitor galaxy and identifying possible merger candidates?
What is the age, metallicity, and detailed abundances of the moderately populated, intermediate-age open cluster Pismis 18 located in the solar neighborhood, and what is the origin of the low-mass member star 47 Tucanae?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other survey methods?
What is the origin of high velocity stars that have metallicity above -0.5 dex and can they originate from the Galactic center or were they kicked up from the Galactic disk?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of various kinematical analyses?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor system of the Milky Way correlate with the metallicity of the bimodal Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage system, and can Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to constrain the progenitor system of the Milky Way and measure its parameters, including its mass and progenitor mass function?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Does the morphology of horizontal branch stars in Milky Way globular clusters have a unique Galactic kinematic signature and can it be used to distinguish between clusters formed in-situ and those that have been accreted?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-set of the most metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity information from APOGEE-Gaia and spectro-photometric distance estimates be used to identify and study the substructures, such as the Sagittarius Stream, NGC 288 Stream, and Hydra-Aquila Cloud, associated with the halo, and provide insight into the properties of the halo and the Milky?
Does the metallicity of stars in the high-velocity tail of the Milky Way's disc correlate with their distance from the Galactic center, and can this be used to estimate the mass of the Milky Way and its gradient?
What is the origin of "young" [$\alpha$/Fe]-enhanced stars with stellar ages younger than 6.0 Gyr and [$\alpha$/Fe] ratios greater than 0.1 dex, which are not expected from known Galactic chemical evolution models?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and constrain its pattern speed?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and provide insights into the chemical evolution of the Galactic disk?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Does the presence of a new heavy element-producing engine, such as a type II supernova, in the local stellar environment play a role in the formation of the thick disk of the Milky Way?
What mechanisms are responsible for the ejection of late-B type unbound hyper-runaway stars from the Galactic disk?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and constrain the dynamical mass and age estimates for the cluster?
Can the new Galaxy model reconstruct the structure and history of the Milky Way using red clump stars selected from the OGLE catalogue and provide a consistent and comprehensive picture of the Galaxy in terms of its structure, chemical evolution, and stellar and dynamical properties?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate cluster members, and determine the cluster's parameters, including Galactic abundance distributions?
Can a machine learning model reliably identify extended stellar halo stars, even when their full phase-space information is not available, using data from the Gaia DR2 release?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectro-photometric distance estimates for 1.33 million stars and construct a catalogue of 1.33 million accurate spectro-photometric distances?
What are the kinematic and chemical properties of the Galactic thin and thick disk and how do they vary with distance and metallicity, and what are the factors affecting the formation of the thick disk?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and constrain the dynamical matter density profile of the Milky Way?
What are the kinematics and properties of the identified stellar streams in the Gaia data, and how do they provide insights into the dynamics of the Milky Way and confirm the dominance of the bar as a dynamical model for the galaxy?
What is the age of the Milky Way's thin and thick disks and how do they vary across different metallicities?
Can a machine learning model trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in a significant reduction in astrometric errors in the resulting star catalogs?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in a globular cluster protect it from tidal stripping and explain the observed kinematics and metallicity distribution in NGC~6397?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the catalogue of known open clusters and identify a large number of previously undiscovered objects?
What are the origins of the low-mass metal-poor stars in the bulge of the Milky Way, and how do their chemical and kinematic properties differ from those of their high-mass counterparts?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is causing the discrepancy between stellar evolution models' predictions of lithium abundances and observational results, and what factors are influencing the behavior of different chemical abundances?
Is the warp in the local velocity distribution of stars a result of a gravitationally induced pattern or a transient phenomenon caused by a random process?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with PSF-matching algorithm and PSF-based parallax bias correction provide reliable distances to 10^8 stars and allow for detailed studies of the chemical and dynamical properties of the disk and the halo?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the nature of the X-ray flares and quiescent spectra of the supermassive black hole Sgr A* in the center of our galaxy, and how do they compare among the brightest flares ever observed with different X-ray observatories?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through analyzing the proper motions, spectroscopic surveys, and comparison with simulations?
What is causing the discrepancy between stellar evolution models' predictions and observational data regarding the presence and degree of carbon and nitrogen overabundances in low-mass stars, and what factors are influencing the behaviour of [alpha/Fe] and [C/N] in these stars?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VISTA Survey catalogs be used to identify and study the variable star population of all Galactic regions, in order to obtain information on the structure, history, and dynamical properties of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and constrain the anisotropy parameters of the cluster?
What new nearby white dwarf systems can be identified and characterized through trigonometric distance estimation and spectroscopic confirmation?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 radial velocity dataset, and how does the chemical and kinematic properties of stars in the low- and high-bimodality populations vary?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple datasets and models, and provide a consistent and comprehensive picture of the galaxy in all respects?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars observed in the solar neighborhood, and how do their chemical and kinematic properties provide insights into their formation scenarios?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through spectroscopic and photometric analyses?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate a sub-population of stars associated with the Galactic globular cluster, and provide insights into the chemical properties of the Galactic halo?
What is the nature and origin of the two different populations of Galactic globular clusters defined by their K-band luminosity ratios, and how do they relate to the two distinct subsets of objects that make up the cluster?
Can the use of Gaia DR2 astrometry and photometry allow for the derivation of chemical abundances and elemental yields, and the construction of phase-space distributions in the space of age, [Mg/Fe], and alpha/Fe?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new stellar groups and members within them, and can the characteristics of the groups and the individual stars in them be characterized and understood through a combination of data from other telescopes and data from Gaia?
Can Gaia data, including proper motions, distance estimates, and spectroscopic follow-up information, be used to identify and study hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of open clusters in the Milky Way, and how do they relate to the binarity rate, age, and metallicity of the clusters?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct parts, an inner and outer halo, and can the kinematics of satellite galaxies provide evidence for the existence of a outer halo and the correlation between satellite galaxies and the outer halo?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian EM algorithm and proper motion measurements from Gaia TGAS allow for precise distance estimates for millions of stars and contribute to constituting a catalogue of systemic parameters, including metallicity, for the open clusters catalogued in the 2019 paper "The 2020 Catalog of Open Clusters" by Th?
Does the morphology of vertical overdensities in the kinematics of stars relate to the formation of stellar clusters and indicate a connection between substructures in the halo and the observed overdensities in the solar neighborhood?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can the "Gaia" mission be used to determine the absolute proper motions of stars and produce a catalog of proper motions with improved purity and accuracy compared to previous catalogs?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer parts of the disc?
What is the origin of the "dwarf spheroidals" family of Milky Way globular clusters and how do they differ from "ordinary" globular clusters in terms of their physical parameters and bimodal metallicity distribution?
Is there evidence of a new resonance-like structure in the outer disk of the Milky Way Galaxy between $R_g\sim25\pc$ and $50\pc$ that could explain the observed velocity and density patterns?
Does a diffuse gaseous galactic halo medium play a significant role in quenching dwarf galaxies in the Local Group?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, compared to ground-based surveys?
What are the origins of ultra metal-poor stars and what can their orbits tell us about the early formation of the Milky Way?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machinae, effectively identify cold stellar kinematic groups in data from Gaia DR2 without relying on astrometric information?
Can the Gaia mission's second data release provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, and enable further study of the galaxy's potential and Galactic center?
Can Gaia provide accurate spectroscopic distance estimates for open clusters and reduce the dispersion of the distance scale provided by a sample of open clusters with comparable parameters?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars with higher galactocentric radial velocity in the solar neighborhood compared to the Sun, and could it be explained by non-stationarity or by a perturbation that triggers a small amplitude oscillation in the velocity dispersion of the disk?
Does the metallicity and elemental abundances of the low-mass dwarf stars in the Milky Way halo show any trends and can they be separated into different groups?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way stellar cluster Gaia 1 and how likely is it to survive long term given its orbit and other factors?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity measurements for open clusters and support the selection function of the catalogue?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures that have been detected in the stellar halo of the Milky Way, and how do they relate to theories on the origins of the galaxy's halo and dark matter?
Can a novel approach of consistently populating star particles with stars and generating a theoretical catalogue of mock stars accurately compare predictions from cosmological simulations with observations of open clusters?
What is the cause behind the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by any of the known nucleosynthesis channels?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive satellite smashing or alternative theories to cold-dark-matter cosmology?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the halo of the Milky Way, and can these structures confirm that the majority of the halo is dominated by a web-like structure of tidal debris rather than a smooth, spherical halo?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant stream?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in some star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond the well-known Jeans' prescription?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize the kinematically distinct substructure in the halo of the Milky Way that is associated with the co-rotation resonance of the Sagittarius dwarf spheroidal galaxy, and provide evidence for the long-sought "Sausage" structure in the outermost halo of the Milky Way?
What is the origin and evolutionary mechanisms of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and what are the possible formation scenarios for the most extreme CEMP stars?
What are the different dynamical mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematic maps of $\text{M}/\text{A}$ ratios in the solar neighborhood, and how do they relate to the $\text{M}/\text{A}$ ratio time dependence and metallicity effects?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-set of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies, and how do they relate to the Milky Way's halo?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the Bayesian Galaxy tool provide a more accurate estimate of the local dark matter density in the Milky Way and reveal small-scale structures in the galaxy's halo that were previously undetected?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations be assessed and promising methodologies and analyses for data reduction and analysis be identified based on the first release of data?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as neutron-star mergers and anomalous accretion events?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and GALAH surveys to investigate Galactic chemical evolution?
Is the observed strong flaring of the Milky Way disk consistent with it being dynamically heated by the repeated passage of the Sagittarius dwarf spheroidal galaxy through the midplane?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on the astrometric noise surrounding each solution, and can this technique be used to rapidly and consistently identify and flag problematic entries in large astrometry catalogues?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of white dwarfs in the Milky Way, including their physical parameters and abundances, which will allow for a better understanding of the white dwarf population and the characteristics of the medium that spawned it?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way stellar cluster Gaia 1 and how likely is it to survive long term given its orbit and physical properties?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and distinguish open clusters that were formed in the disk, halo, or dwarf galaxies, and can the overdensities of open clusters in the halo and the specific overdensity for NGC 2419 be confirmed?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in open clusters and estimate their parameters, such as ages and distances?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new version of the Besancon Galaxy model improve the estimation of the local halo mass function and reveal new details of the structure of the Milky Way halo?
Can the Gaia mission be used to determine the kinematics and chemical abundances of the stellar halo, and can the results be used to constrain cosmological models?
Can a neural network be used to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocities from astrometry in surveys such as Gaia and provide a complementary method to derived parameters, such as the local matter density, from a catalogue of astrophysical distances?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions be used to constraint the potential and/or the warp's lifespan?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate cluster members, and determine the cluster's parameters, including Galactic abundance patterns?
Can the use of Gaia DR2 data with PSF-determined astrometry provide a more accurate estimate of the distance distribution function in the Solar neighbourhood and allow for better characterisation of the substructures therein, namely the Sagittarius, Local, and Gemini overdensities?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Does the metallicity and age of the progenitor systems in the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus structure at the center of the Milky Way halo vary across different sub-populations of stars, and is there evidence for different systems being associated with the high-velocity and low-metallicity "dwarf" populations or the low-velocity?
Is there evidence of a correlation between stellar galactocentric velocity and planet occurrence in the Solar neighborhood?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through spectroscopic and photometric analysis of its member stars?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operation be assessed and preliminary results be presented on the following topics: astrometry and time-series comparison with other sources; spatial, structural, and kinematical structures in the distribution of objects in the mission's baseline dataset; and the dynamics of the Milky Way and the age difference between the thick and?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as dynamical disruption of older stars rather than a strong enrichment by \emph{r}-process events on young stars?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new version of the Besancon Galaxy model allow for a precise estimation of the mass of the Milky Way and its baryonic and dark components, and provide a test-bed for the evaluation of new mass-models and a reference-point for the comparison of predictions from different cosmological codes?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity stars and provide a clearer understanding of the connection between HVSs and stellar groups in the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-Enceladus/Gaia-Sausage merger, which is marked by radial and counter-rotating debris and is hypothesized to have formed at a red giant branch star just above the hydrogen-burning threshold, be identified using a sample of red giants from the OGLE Catalogue?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable indicator for their absolute distance?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be attributed to a perturbation rather than a progenitor?
Is the observed strong flaring of the Milky Way disk consistent with it being dynamically heated by the repeated passage of the Large Magellanic Cloud over the Galactic center?
Does the morphology of horizontal branch stars in globular clusters have a correlation with their age, and can it be used to establish an absolute chronology for the clusters?
What are the possible formation scenarios for the co-rotating spiral structure in the Galactic disk described by Gaia DR2 data, and how do they relate to outflow from the Galactic center, radial migration, and other dynamical mechanisms?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with PSF-based astrometry and proper motion measurements be a credible method to determine the distance of up to 1 million stars and construct a catalogue of their atmospheric parameters, metallicity, and abundances?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Is there a correlation between the period of the oscillations and the metallicity of the member stars in the globally kinematically-cold and overdensities-free stellar halo of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population and how are they related to the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) and the $\beta$-value of the \emph{r}-process?
Can Gaia provide a better understanding of the spatial distribution, kinematics, and structure of the Milky Way's population of globular clusters by studying them through the lens of the Galactic potential?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in open clusters and constrain their distances, metallicity, and age?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machinae, effectively identify cold stellar streams in data from the Gaia telescope without relying on astrophysical assumptions?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-sample of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What is the origin and properties of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical signature and distinct kinematics tracks, and how do they relate to the Milky Way halo and accretion events?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and GALAH surveys to investigate Galactic abundance trends?
What is the origin of the \textit{J}- and \textit{K}-band asymmetries observed in the distribution of open clusters in the Milky Way and how do they relate to the different mechanisms that have been proposed to explain the formation of the {\it Gaia}-Enceladus dwarf galaxy and the \textit{J?
What is the origin of extreme radial velocity stars, and can it be determined through measuring their proper motions with the Hubble Space Telescope?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a transient or a persistent feature, and can it be used to accurately estimate the galaxy's gravitational potential and map the pattern speed vector field throughout the galaxy without using any external tracers, while also providing a new and robust method for determining the potential and vector field of any arbitrary galaxy model?
Does the presence of binary companions in globular clusters have a correlation with their orbital parameters and physical properties, and can the Gaia catalogue be used to identify and study them?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201 in order to establish a statistical model for the population of stellar streams in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-sample of metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known anomalous abundance ratios in the Galaxy?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant stream?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of APOGEE-DR14 element abundances and Gaia-DR2 kinematics?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and constrain the anisotropicWASHINGTON DC: The Galactic globular cluster M92, or NGC 6268, is one of the largest and most dynamically interesting?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does the discovery of these stars affect our understanding of the Milky Way's local escape speed and virial mass?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What are the different origins of the metal-rich tail of halo stars that exceed a certain iron abundance, and can the chemodynamical model Beagle 2 be used to simulate the buildup of the excess-alpha population and identify its origins?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a fundamental distance indicator?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic potential and gain confidence in the accuracy of the model?
Can the Gaia mission's second data release provide a less-biased and comprehensive sample of the brightest stars in the Milky Way, allowing for the construction of powerful tools to study the population and structure of the inner halo, and the initial seeds of a catalogue of all the stars in the galaxy?
Is there kinematic substructure in the outer halo of the Milky Way galaxy, and can it be explained by the co-rotation resonance with a dwarf spheroidal galaxy?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in the Large Magellanic Cloud promote the formation of a FUV-optical jet and jet-like structure, and can Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to constrain the gravitational potential and mass budget of the Cloud?
Can the Gaia-ESO High Performance Computing Facility (GEHPC) be used to run simulations and generate predictions for open clusters, which can then be compared with observations and used as a test bed for future Gaia releases?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, allowing for better understanding of the galaxy's potential and Galactic center?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thick disk and how do their patterns and characteristics at different heights in the Milky Way provide new constraints on their formation scenarios?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy identified through their chemical and kinematic properties, and how do their properties at birth explain the observed binary fraction and distribution?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocity space with higher Galactocentric rotation velocity than the Sun, found outside of the Solar radius, which may be due to the co-rotating spiral structure or a discrete spiral arm?
What is the origin of the core in the Galactic stellar halo and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operation contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
What is the nature of the X-ray flares in the new variable \textit{V404} Erythrina and how do they compare to those in other flaring X-ray binaries?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures that have been detected in the stellar halo of the Milky Way, including the "dwarf spheroidal" (dSph), "small kinematic groups," and "kinematic overdensities"?
 ### Background: The Milky Way halo is a highly kinem?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of open clusters in the Milky Way and how do they relate to the bimodal metallicity distribution function observed in open clusters today?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does the metallicity of the oldest stars in the bulge relate to their bimodality?
Can the Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a single-merger event, as revealed by a study of nearly-circular orbits through the comparison of simulations and data?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Chamaeleon I dwarf galaxy correlate with the presence of a satellite galaxy, and can the satellite galaxy be used to confirm the progenitor galaxy's cosmogony?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral pattern speed variations across the disk?
What are the kinematic properties of the Galactic bar and its Outer Lindblad Resonance, and what is the relationship between them?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the solar neighbourhood, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical patterns?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high-velocity stars in the Milky Way and how do they relate to the bimodal metallicity distribution function and chemical peculiarity observations?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 dataset, and how does it relate to the bimodal Gaia DR2 distance distribution function (DDF) and the bimodal radial velocity distribution function (RVDF)?
 ### Background: The Gaia mission released the second data?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through analyzing the proper motions, distance estimates, spectral energy distributions, and more for 386 stars?
What are the different physical models for explaining the metallicity and vertical velocity structure of the Milky Way's thin and thick discs, and how do they relate to stellar migration, radial migration, and orbital migration?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV-VISTA catalogue provide a precise distance estimation for 1,694 open clusters and reduce the systematic uncertainty of the Tycho-Gaia distance catalogue?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be related to the presence of hypervelocity stars that can act as chemical tags for identifying lithium-enhanced stars?
Can Gaia data, when combined with metallicity information from other databases, be used to identify and characterize open clusters and star groups, leading to the discovery of previously undetected objects?
Does the metallicity and distance of globular clusters correlate with each other and can Gaia DR3 data be used to determine the absolute proper motions of these objects and trace their orbits over time?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide information on the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 1261?
What is the age and metallicity difference between the Galactic globular cluster 47 Tucanae and its near-isochrone objects, and how can the chemical composition of [$\alpha$/Fe] and [O/Fe]?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using galaxy models that are consistent with observational constraints?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocity space with a certain Galactocentric radius, and could it be explained by a small-scale density wave or spiral mode?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can a neural network be used to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocities from astrometry in surveys such as Gaia and provide a complementary approach to traditional methods?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does understanding the selection function of various velocity surveys help in constraining the mechanisms behind the observed kinematics?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of APOGEE-DR14 elemental abundances and Gaia-DR2 kinematics?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and overdensities observed in the velocity distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and how do they improve our understanding of the gravitational potential and its effects on the kinematics of the stellar population?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus structure match the one predicted for the accreted halo of the Milky Way, and can the age of the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus structure be constrained to within $\pm$ 0.1 Gyr using the metallicity and vertical?
What is the age of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362 and how does it compare to previous estimates?
What are the different physical processes that drive the expansion of loose and compact massive star clusters, and how do they depend on initial cluster conditions and the initial mass function?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can an empirical colour-magnitude-metallicity grid be constructed for open clusters based on their spectral type, and can this grid help in estimating the parameters of interest for open clusters with incomplete or uncertain sample of variables?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an isotropic dark matter halo, or do other large galaxies experience similar levels of accretion events but are hampered by strong lopsidedness in their stellar halos due to vigorous radial migration?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements and their abundance ratios in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it provide hints on their production mechanisms and possible contributors outside the Galaxy?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Can Gaia EDR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 362, and can the chemical abundances of this stream provide information on the formation environments of the stars and the bimodal metallicity signal observed in some clusters?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machinae, reliably identify cold stellar streams in data from the Gaia telescope?
Is M62-VLA1 a candidate stellar-mass black hole in the Milky Way globular cluster M62?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and provide a blueprint for future spectroscopic surveys?
Can the Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the velocity distribution of Open Clusters and quantify the kinematic substructure present in the Galactic thin disc?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with dwarf spheroidal galaxies?
What are the origins and characteristics of the five discrete kinematic overdensities observed in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way, and how do they compare to predictions from N-body simulations?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to identify and measure distances of Galactic stellar groups, including Alpha Ori, and contribute to building a catalogue of physical parameters and structural properties of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-ESO High Resolution Survey (HERMES) provide a homogeneous and comprehensive dataset for investigating the kinematics and chemical evolution of the inner halo, including the identification and study of new substructures, and provide a blueprint for upcoming spectroscopic surveys?
Can the use of chemical abundances and clustering analysis in the elemental abundance space improve the feasibility of chemical tagging within the thin disk population and allow for the identification of coeval groups with similar stellar ages, bimodal stellar populations, and chemodynamical evolution scenarios for different nucleosynthetic scenarios?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity solutions for trum stars and constrain their dynamical properties, while also providing information on their metallicities, ages, and abundances?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct parts, an inner and outer halo, and can these components be characterized by their chemical and kinematical properties?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning tool STREAMFINDER help to identify and study the structure and dynamics of the Galactic stream environment and improve our understanding of the gravitational potential and dark matter distribution of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia provide a detailed understanding of the formation and evolution of the Milky Way's thick disk through the study of open clusters, and can the open cluster catalog be used to construct a complete and accurate surface brightness measurement PSF for the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia DR3 dataset be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insights into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and measure the dynamics of "orphan" hypervelocity stars, and can the resulting catalogue be used to constrain models of the Milky Way for the force carrier of the Galactic tide?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does the heavy element $\alpha$-enhancement and the "jitter" parameter $\Delta$ relate to it?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in open clusters and provide information on their chemical abundances, age, and kinematics, which can be useful for studying the formation of the Galactic disk and understanding the dynamics of the young stellar population in the field?
What are the origins of the two distinct populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 288 and how do they relate to the cluster's other physical parameters?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the abundance patterns observed in the Gaia DR3 catalog?
What is the age and origin of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how does it compare to previous estimates?
Does a diffuse gaseous galactic halo medium play a significant role in quenching dwarf galaxies in the Local Group?
Is the formation of extreme horizontal branch stars in globular clusters a two-stage process involving first the formation of a core, which then evolves through mergers?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the solar neighborhood, and how do they relate to the properties of the Milky Way's stellar halo and the dynamics of its disk?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars with retrograde orbits in the solar neighborhood, and could it be explained by a scattering signal from a massive subhalo or a tidal stream?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond the well-known Jeans equation?
What is the origin of the $\beta$-rich population in the Galactic thin disc and how do they differ from the $\alpha$-rich population in terms of their chemical and dynamical properties?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on the Gaia catalogue, and can this technique be used to rapidly and consistently identify and remove systematic errors in astrometry from future Gaia data releases?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark-matter halo?
What are the possible origins of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how do they relate to the formation scenarios for the thick and thin disk, as well as the possible existence of a hybrid disk with a bimodal MDF in the thickest regions?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the local Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in specific areas of the sky?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component in the solar-tangential direction and, if so, how does it depend on the bar's parameters and the orbits of stars in the outermost disk?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way around $R=6$ kpc and $z=0.015$?
Is there an intermediate-mass black hole in the center of the globular cluster NGC 6397 or a diffuse dark-matter halo that can explain the observed super-massive black hole mass and accretion rate?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the improved method provide unprecedented accuracy in deriving distances for millions of stars and constrain the local matter density distribution, while offering a unique opportunity to test different physical models of the Galaxy?
What are the kinematics and properties of the identified star-forming regions in the Sh 2-209 ion-rich and turbulent stellar structure, and what is the relationship between the observed structures and the known chemical substructures?
Is the warp structure in the outermost regions of the Galaxy a gravitationally induced phenomenon that is linked to the spiral pattern seen in the densest regions of the disk?
What is the nature of the two distinct populations co-existing in the Galactic globular cluster 47 Tucanae, and how do their chemical compositions, kinematics, and ages differ?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and overdensities observed in the tangential and radial velocity distributions of stars in the Milky Way, and how do they relate to the known substructures and merger events that the galaxy has experienced?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how can their properties at birth explain the observed distribution and provide a blueprint for the study of structures formed in other accreted systems?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and measure the parameters of ultra-faint structures, including galaxies, clusters, and even individual stars, over a wide field of view, and can these structures provide insights into the formation and evolution of the Milky Way and other galaxies?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population in the Milky Way and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity "orphan" population?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 radial velocity sample, and how does it relate to the bimodality observed in the RAG catalog, the largest sample of open clusters, and the "bimodal" bimodality observed in the {\it Gaia}?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the impact of different forms of dark matter on them?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What is the origin of the core in the Galactic disk and is it a result of secular evolution or a consequence of a one-time perturbation?
What are the different physical processes that drive the expansion of loose and compact massive star clusters, and how do they depend on initial cluster conditions and the initial mass function of the cluster?
What is the origin of the "dwarf spheroidals" family of dwarf galaxies and how do they relate to the Milky Way's progenitor and accretion history?
Can the Gaia mission be used to determine the ages, binarity, and kinematics of white dwarfs, and can the results be used to build maps of the white dwarf populations in different stellar environments?
Does the morphology of the Galactic potential leave a clear imprint on the properties of phase-space structures in the galaxy, specifically in the distribution of stars in the axes and the formation of kinematical resonances?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a fundamental distance indicator?
Can a neural network approach using photometry and parallax with isochrones accurately determine the ages and metallicities of red giant stars in the Solar neighborhood?
What is the age of the Milky Way's thick disk and how does it compare to previous estimates?
Can Gaia DR3 astrometry and DR4 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize the large population of stellar hyper-velocity stars in the Milky Way, and can their kinematics and chemical properties provide insight into the processes that formed the galaxy's metal-poor core?
Can a novel method based on inferring the gravitational potential from the time-varying structure of a phase-space spiral in the sky effectively mitigate the numerical noise in the estimation of the potential and allow for precise measurements with upcoming astrometry missions, such as Gaia?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What is the age and origin of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 5904 and how does it relate to the Milky Way's local escape time and the distribution of open clusters?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from old mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark-matter halo?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in a globular cluster protect it from excess tidal heating and lead to a correlation between cluster mass and orbital eccentricity?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct orbital properties and chemical characteristics previously claimed to be candidate hyper-velocity stars?
What is the age distribution and star formation history of the halo white dwarf population and are there possible evidences of a cut-off at the faintest end of the luminosity function?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate bimodal populations in the globular cluster, and provide evidence for the co-rotation resonance of bimodal stars?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and study the kinematics and structure of stellar streams, specifically the Radcliffe Wave, and provide a blueprint for future surveys?
What are the different physical processes that drive the expansion of loose and compact massive star clusters, and how do they depend on initial cluster conditions and environment?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in some star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Does the metallicity of stars in the Milky Way halo show a correlation with their distance from the Galactic center, and can a simple model be used to interpret and explain this correlation?
Can the Gaia satellite's unique capabilities provide a more comprehensive and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, and enable their study as a model for understanding the effects of interactions with dense stellar clusters?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud (SMC)? Can the analysis of chemical abundances, particularly in the [Fe/H] vs. [O/Fe] diagram, shed light on the origin of the star clusters and distinguish between the low-mass star-forming components of the?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population and how do their patterns and characteristics compare with those expected from different production scenarios?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer parts of the disc?
What is the nature and origin of the different populations of kinematically distinct halo stars in the Milky Way, specifically their ejection mechanisms and the factors that determine their metallicity and binarity rates?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with Gaia data help identify and characterize the unbound population of stars in the Milky Way, providing information about ejection times and the progenitor mass, and offering a way to constrain theoretical models of the Milky Way's potential?
What is the nature, photometry, spectroscopy, and structure of the additional 7700 objects and 6386 star clusters and alike objects identified in the Galactic region extending from the Galactic center to 6 kpc from the center, and how do they relate to the known open clusters, associations, and field stars?
Can the Gaia mission's second data release provide a more complete picture of the structures and formations in the solar neighborhood, including the Galactic bar, spiral arms, and other phenomena, and allow for a better understanding of the Galaxy's dynamics?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue regarding their identification and measurement?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of velocity space that contains an excess of stars orbiting the Milky Way spiral arms, and what is the relationship between it and the spiral structure of the galaxy?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does the chemical and dynamical properties of the different populations responsible for its formation at different times in the galaxy's evolution explain the observed bimodality?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemistry, spatial distribution, and kinematics provide insights into the formation of the bimodally polluted metal-rich (BP-M) bulge and the thinned and unpolluted metal-?
What are the kinematic properties of the Galactic bar and the corotation radius of the Milky Way, and how can they be accurately determined using proper motion measurements and astrometric covariance matrices?
What is the origin of the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic thin disk and how does it relate to the bimodal distribution of [$\alpha$/Fe] ratios in this disk?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and constrain the dynamical mass and mass function of the cluster?
Is there a possible link between the Milky Way halo and the Monoceros Ring, and are they associated with each other as a result of a single massive merger event?
Can the new Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic potential and identify them as being left or right handed?
What is the age and origin of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocities just below the local spiral arm in the solar neighbourhood, and what can its characteristics at different Galactocentric distances tell us about the arm and the phenomena that affect stars in the arm?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in the Large Magellanic Cloud contribute to the distribution of hypervelocity stars, and can mass measurements from Gaia EDR3 data help to determine whether a central supermassive black hole is present in our galaxy by comparing the characteristics of HVSs in the Large and Small Magellanic Clouds?
What are the kinematic and chemical properties of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and how do they differ from those of larger satellite galaxies within 300 kpc from the Milky Way's Galactic Centre?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What are the kinematical properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the traditional methods for determining these properties?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
What is the age, distance, and metallicity of the stellar stream GD-1, and what are the chemical abundances and kinematics of the progenitor population of which it is a part?
What are the kinematic and chemical characteristics of open clusters and how do they compare to those obtained for samples of field stars selected from the OGLE Catalogue?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population and how are they related to the \emph{r}-process events in the thick disc?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 radial velocity sample, and can it be explained by a selection function that is not strictly speaking a "jump" function?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the age, metallicity, and detailed abundances of the moderately populated open cluster Pismis 18 located in the solar neighborhood, and what are the pulsation modes and chemical gradients of its member stars?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometry fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular clusters and identify candidate potential residents of these structures in the Galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud, and how do the chemical abundances, age structure, and dynamics of birthplaces affect the stars in these clusters?
Is the observed asymmetric distribution of disk stars in the solar neighborhood a result of a stochastic process or a systemic effect caused by the disk's formation in a field of giants?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the existence of an extended envelope confirm tidal erosion?
What is the age of the thin and thick disk of the Milky Way and are they co-eval?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a gravitationally induced phenomenon that resulted from the transiently bimodal star formation history or a transient feature that may disappear in several billion years without leaving a trace in the gaseous structure of the disk?
Is the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the halo above and below the plane of the Milky Way a result of a systematic error in the sample provided by the Gaia DR2 or a real manifestation of a biasing effect due to the fact that the stars in the plane are systematically younger than those below $300\,\rm{pc}$?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue regarding these objects?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and overdensities observed in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how can their properties at birth explain the observed distribution?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can Gaia data alone be used to establish a list of members and derive parameters, including distances, for as many open clusters as possible, leading to the discovery of new open clusters and providing the most precise homogeneous parameters?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Can the Gaia-ESO High Performance Computing Cluster be used to run simulations and generate a catalogue of possible chemical abundance ratios for future Gaia measurements of 1.1 million stars, including metallicity and elemental abundances, and provide a resource for the Gaia community that can be scaled up to accommodate larger surveys?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Galactic halo (Gaia-Enceladus) differ from that of its accreted dwarf companion (Gaia-Sausage)?
 ### Background: Gaia-Enceladus is an intermediate-metallicity progenitor galaxy with a relatively flat metallicity gradient, which makes it an?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning algorithm and photometric H$\alpha$ tertial velocity be used to accurately determine the Galactic age structure, which can then be used for chemo-dynamical studies of the Milky Way?
What mechanisms are responsible for the observed asymmetries and discontinuities in the distribution of stars in the Milky Way galaxy, and can the mass distribution of the galaxy be accurately determined using only star counts in bins on the sky?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Is the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the inner and outer disk of the Milky Way galaxy a result of a secular evolution process or a perturbation that caused a temporary imbalance in the disk?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
What are the different physical processes that drive the expansion of loose and compact massive star clusters, and how do they depend on initial cluster conditions and star formation efficiency?
Can Gaia DR1 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the bulge?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can this be used as a fundamental distance scale?
What new nearby white dwarf systems can be identified and characterized through trigonometric parallax measurements in near-IR and optical bands?
What is the age distribution and star formation history of the halo white dwarf population and are there possible evidences of a cut-off at the faintest end of the luminosity function?
Can the Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in particular regions of the sky?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemistry, spatial distribution, and kinematics compare with the thin and thick disks?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate a sub-population of stars associated with the Galactic globular cluster, and provide insights into the physical parameters, age, and metallicity of the cluster?
Can the use of the Gaia mission's first data release combined with spectroscopic follow-up provide unprecedented accuracy and precision in deriving stellar parameters, distances, and velocities, which can then be used for various studies related to the structure and evolution of the Milky Way, as well as comparison with simulations?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct populations of stars, a high-velocity thin disk and a thick disk, and are they kinematically coherent?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of observations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more accurate and comprehensive catalog of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, allowing for better understanding of the galaxy's potential and Galactic center and providing a test bed for dynamical models of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive satellite engulfment or a single accretion event?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and measure the parameters of open clusters that were previously missed by other surveys, and can the clusters that were confirmed to be open be used to improve the accuracy of Galactic parameters and model the Galactic potential?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 radial velocity sample, and how does the chemical composition, age, and kinematics of the stars affect the probability of observing a bimodal MDF?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way's stellar disk a relic of a transient phase during the formation of the galaxy, or a persistent feature that may be caused by a variety of phenomena?
Can Gaia data alone be used to establish a list of members and derive parameters, including distances, for as many open clusters as possible, leading to the discovery of new open clusters and providing the most precise homogeneous parameters?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical profiles?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 $\textrm{Z}-\textrm{T_eff}$-[M/H] space and how does it relate to the bimodal [Fe/H]-T_eff and $\textrm{Z}?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a perturbation in the stellar density distribution within certain Galactocentric radii, resulting in a "dips" in the density distribution that correlates with the bar's corotation radius?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new open clusters and determine the parameters of their orbits, including the probability of a close encounter with the Leo I dwarf spheroidal galaxy?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new waveforms and frequencies provide a more accurate and precise determination of the solar distance, and lead to improved constraints on the parameters of the Galaxy and the acceleration of the Sun with respect to the Galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can a neural network model accurately predict missing line-of-sight velocities in astrometry using a single observed vector and observational constraints, and be used to validate astrometry algorithms and simulate galaxy surveys to estimate the network's training set error?
What are the different physical processes that drive the expulsion of particles from the disk of a starburst galaxy, and how do they depend on the mass and metallicity of the galaxy?
Can the use of the Gaia DR3 catalogue and a neural network trained on human-made hypotheses provide an accurate and precise estimate of the metallicities and distances of millions of stars, and enable the study of the kinematics of the Milky Way and the analysis of the structure and dynamics of stellar clouds?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity metric that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be attributed to a perturbation rather than a progenitor?
Can the Gaia DR3 catalogue be used to detect and identify open clusters and star clusters, and can the information provided by Gaia about open clusters and star clusters in the catalogue improve the identification of these objects?
Can the new Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population along the line of sight?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way's stellar disk a result of a transient phenomenon or a long-lived, oscillating feature?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars, and how does the ratio of low- to high-MDF stars as a function of metallicity and Galactocentric radius relate to their bimodal MDF and metallicity-dependent yields?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity stars and potentially provide a list of Gaia catalog objects associated with specific known HVSs or expected HVSs?
Can the new Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population along the orbits?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of velocity stars observed in the Solar neighbourhood, and how likely is it to be due to a perturbation from a dwarf galaxy or a chance event?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hypervelocity stars in the cluster, and determine the binarity rate and structural parameters of the different components?
What is the age and metallicity gradient of the Galactic bulge, and what is the cause of the kinematic overdensity at Galactocentric radius $R\sim$ 6 kpc?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsided perturbation in the Milky Way's disc known as the Snail and how does it relate to the strength and angular momentum of stars in the outer disc?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or a transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Can the Gaia-ESO survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, and can the resulting metallicity map and velocity field provide insights into the structure and dynamics of the Milky Way?
What are the kinematic parameters, such as velocity dispersions and solar motion components, of the Milky Way's halo stars, and can they be measured using stellar proper motions from Gaia Data Release 2?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a systematic error in stellar surveys by pushing stars with low Galactocentric radius onto the axis and biasing the sample of radial velocity measurements?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct populations of stars, a high-velocity thin disc and a thick disk, and can their kinematical and chemical properties distinguish them?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect new stellar streams and provide insight into the properties of the Galactic acceleration field on various scales?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique subset of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and can it be explained by any known nucleosynthetic channel?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the age of the Milky Way's thin and thick disk and are they formed at the same time?
What are the different dynamical mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematic maps of Gaia-DR2 data, including the radial and vertical components, in terms of out-of-equilibrium models?
What is causing the discrepancy between stellar evolution models' predictions and observational results regarding the presence and magnitude of sodium and aluminum overabundances in red giants, and what factors are influencing the behavior of [Na/Fe] and [Al/Fe] as a function of metallicity, specifically at high [Fe/H]?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the velocity distribution of stars in the tidal debris train be used to map the galaxy's gravitational potential and confirm that an N-body simulation is a accurate modeling tool for galaxy evolution?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor system of the Milky Way correlate with the position of the Galactic center and the axis of the rotation, and can it be used as a constraint on the Galaxy's gravitational potential?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the improved methodology provide a clearer picture of the structures and streams formed by the tidal disruption of globular clusters and offer a chance to test different merger models for the formation of these systems?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by tidal streams?
Can the use of Gaia DR2 data with PSF-matching techniques reveal a large number of previously unknown open clusters and provide a more accurate catalogue of the Milky Way open cluster population?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity relations for blue and yellow straggler stars in M62, and are they consistent with stellar evolution models?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity stars and potentially reveal a correlation between HVS and young stellar clusters?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and overdensities observed in the Gaia DR2 data?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on the Gaia DR2 astrometric sample, and can this method be utilized to minimize systematic errors in upcoming spectroscopic surveys?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and provide insights into the bimodality and kinematics of the known variable star population in the cluster?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsided perturbation in the Milky Way's disc known as the Snail and how does it relate to the strength and angular momentum of stars in the outermost layer?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide accurate distance estimates for millions of stars and constrain the spatial and temporal variations in the disc's chemical and dynamical properties?
Does the metallicity and distance of the globular cluster NGC 1261 confirm the hierarchical merging scenario for the formation of globular clusters in the Milky Way?
Can a non-parametric and smooth model for the underlying velocity field be constructed using a sparse grid algorithm, and can this model help identify regions in the local disk that may be undergoing compression and rarefaction?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a precise and comprehensive catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and possible origins, allowing for a better understanding of the galaxy's potential and how it affects the formation of its substructures?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the formation and evolution of planetary systems in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the anticlub curve of Gaia-Enceladus and can it be explained by disruptive events such as a disk impact or a tidal disruption?
What is the age and metallicity of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362, and what evidence exists for chemical anomalies and pulsation modes in the cluster's population of $\text{M}{\odot}$ stars?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle pattern in the GD-1 stream, specifically in the region around (231, +17) kpc, and can it be explained by an external perturbation or multiple resonances?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Is M62-VLA1 a candidate stellar-mass black hole in a moderately dense environment?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way and providing a unique and accurate chronology of the various components, including the disk, halo, and the event that triggered the burst of star formation 50 million years ago?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the formation of planetary systems in the Milky Way, specifically with respect to the inner system, and can the Gaia catalogue be used to distinguish between stellar binaries formed in situ and those that are accreted?
Can the new Galaxy model, which is a locally inert model with a spherical halo, explain the observed trends in the vertical velocity dispersion of stars in the Milky Way and in the ratio of thin to thick disk stars in the solar vicinity?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 data, and how likely are the low- and high-probability density functions (PDFs) for the underlying distribution of metallicities?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemical composition, spatial distribution, and kinematics relate to the bimodality?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can Gaia EDR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream associated with NGC 362, and can the chemical abundances obtained for this stream provide insights into the formation of the Milky Way's halo?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide accurate parallax measurements for QSOs, and can the luminosity function and metallicity distribution function of QSOs be derived from the sample?
Does the metallicity distribution of the Galactic thin disk show a correlation with the star formation history of the different ionized SFH bins, and are there distinct chemical components in the thick and thin disks?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic potential and gain confidence in the accuracy of the model?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a systematic error in spectroscopic determinations of the metallicity z, leading to biases in the high-reddening and low-reddening cases?
Can the use of Gaia DR2 data with PSF-matching techniques provide a much less biased estimate of the density distribution function in the Galactic disk and allow for more accurate calculations of self-consistent open clusters, which can then be used to estimate the primordial chemical abundance ratio for silicon?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 362, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer parts of the arm?
What is the age, distance, and interstellar reddening of the globular cluster NGC 288 and how does it affect the cluster's metallic abundance and alpha-enhancement?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What is the nature of the kinematic properties of Galactic globular clusters and what constraints can be placed on the value of the superposition parameter $\alpha$ and the sum of the two dominant orbits in order to determine the potential of the Galaxy?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through spectroscopic analysis and comparison of models for its origin?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemistry, spatial distribution, and kinematics compare with the thin and thick disc populations?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor system of the Milky Way correlate with the strength of its star formation history, and can this be confirmed by comparing the metallicity of siblings systems and orphan systems in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its parameters (e.g., the scale height, scale length, and exponent) relate to the observable properties of the bulge?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
Does the metallicity distribution of the Galactic thin disc show a correlation with the star formation history of the different generations of stars in the thick disc, and can it be used to separate the populations of first-generation stars, born in the dense centers of star clusters, from the second-generation stars born elsewhere in the disc?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and constrain the dynamical mass of the cluster?
What are the different dynamical mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematic maps of Gaia DR2 data, including the radial and vertical components, in terms of out-of-equilibrium models?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic stream expected from specific scenarios of tidal debris production, and provide a way to constrain the density profile of the Milky Way and test whether it is consistent with being a nearly homogeneous and isotropic system?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way based on its observed progeny populations, specifically vertical velocity dispersion profiles and number density distributions of globular clusters and dwarf spheroidals?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation of the thick disk and halo?
Does a diffuse gaseous galactic halo medium play a significant role in quenching dwarf galaxies in the Milky Way?
Can Gaia DR2 combined with metallicity reference stars be used to accurately determine distances, chemical abundances, and derive structural parameters for millions of stars, leading to a comprehensive understanding of the Milky Way's structure and stellar populations?
Can Gaia provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, allowing for better understanding of the galaxy's potential and Galactic center properties?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies, specifically the proper motions measured with the VVV survey and the discrepancy between the predictions of binaries and the observations?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance, radial velocity, and kinematics of its stars?
What are the possible origins of the formation of phase spirals in the galactic disc and how do they relate to different formation scenarios for the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian EM algorithm and proper motion measurements from the TGAS catalogue provide an accurate and precise distance estimate for millions of stars and sub-gigascale structures in the Milky Way, while simultaneously constraining the galaxy's gravitational potential and eliminating systematic effects?
What is the origin and characteristics of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through analyzing the proper motions, spectral parameters, and kinematics of its stars?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component in the Solar-tangential direction and, if so, how does it depend on the orbital parameters and the methodology used for the measurement?
Does Gaia DR2 parallax bias astrometric distances from the star-forming regions of the Galactic disk and bulge, and can they be used to infer the warp parameters, rotational velocities, and kinematics of the different population of stars in the outer disk?
What is the origin of "young" [$\alpha$/Fe]-enhanced stars with stellar ages younger than 6.0 Gyr and [{\alpha}/Fe]-ratios greater than 0.15 dex, which are not expected from classical chemical evolution models?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the proper motions, distance estimate, radial velocity curve, and spectroscopic analysis?
What is the nature and origin of the low-abundance odd-even neutron-capture elements NGC 6037 and NGC 2419, and how do they relate to the nucleosynthesis models for asymmetric fusion in massive stars?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR1 dataset, and how can it be explained by different processes producing the lower and upper tail of the MDF?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can a neural network trained with spectroscopic data from APOGEE-Gaia accurately predict a star's parameters and chemical abundances, and can this model be used to study the kinematics and chemistry of the Galactic thin and thick disks?
Can the Gaia-ESO High Resolution Survey provide high-resolution spectroscopic templates for comparing theoretical models with observational data for different types of stars, including those in the Milky Way, and allow for the construction of full-fledged Galactic chronometers?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 DR4 data, and how likely is it to be a real phenomenon caused by a selection bias or a systemic effect?
Does the morphology of the horizontal branch in Milky Way globular clusters differ between those that have experienced one or multiple passages in the Galactic center, and can it provide insight into the dynamical properties of the Galactic center and the efficacy of different models for the potential?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on the astrometric predictions of a given catalogue entry?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning algorithm help identify and characterize unbound hypervelocity stars (HVSs) in the Milky Way, and distinguish them from background sources such as high-velocity stars and globular clusters?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and confirm its correlation with the horseshoe pattern seen in the outer regions of the disk?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high-velocity stars in the Milky Way, and how do they relate to the bimodal metallicity distribution function observed in the same dataset?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant molecule and hot gas populations in the underdenses?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What is the nature and origin of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical characteristics and distinct kinematic patterns found in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do their abundances and velocity patterns provide insights into the formation of the Milky Way?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and measure the parameters of ultra-faint satellites surrounding Galactic globular clusters and provide a unique and competitive estimate of the cluster mass?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence stars and black holes?
What are the origins and characteristics of the five discrete kinematic overdensities observed in the local stellar halo and inner stellar halo of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia data be used to identify and characterize hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, and can the catalog of HVSs constructed from Gaia data be used to gain insights into the properties of the Milky Way's potential and the HVS population?
Can the new Gaia DR3 release be used to perform a detailed study of the structure and kinematics of the inner halo, including the mapping of populations and the measurement of the kinematics and chemical abundances of millions of stars, and provide a clean and homogeneous sample of stars from which the substructure of the halo, the kinematic patterns, and the?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
Can the Gaia-ESO survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate cluster members, and determine the cluster's parameters, including Galactic abundance distributions?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the traditional method for determining these properties?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters provide evidence for the dynamical heating and cooling history of the clusters, and can it be accurately inferred from the substructure and kinematics of distinct $m_H$ populations?
Does the presence and quantity of binary companions in globular clusters affect the velocity distribution of cluster members and can this effect be modeled using the Spherical Potential Oscillations (SPO) model?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect new open clusters and confirm the identifications of previously known objects?
What is the age and origin of the Galactic globular cluster system and how does it compare to previous determinations using metallicities and chemical abundances?
Can the Gaia-ESO survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate cluster members, and determine the cluster's parameters, including mass, age, and distance?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates within a certain distance range, and estimate the bimodal stellar mass distribution in the Milky Way bulge?
Can the new Galaxy model by Gallagher et al. (2017) be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way and its anisotropies, as well as the dark matter halo and the number of dwarf galaxies in our neighborhood, while reconciling observations with simulations?
Does the presence of a dark matter minihalo surrounding a globular cluster protect it from tidal stripping and explain the observed velocity dispersion in NGC~6397?
What is the age distribution and star formation history of the halo white dwarf population and are there possible evidences of a cut-off at the faintest end of the spectrum?
Does the metallicity and age of the progenitor systems in the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus structure at the center of the Milky Way correlate with the properties of the progenitor systems in the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus structure predicted by cosmological simulations?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of APOGEE-TGAS-WISE-Gaia-DR2 systems with 6D phase-space information?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the age, distance, and metallicity of the stellar stream GD-1, and what are the characteristics of its orbit and potential encounters with dark matter subhalos, as well as any candidate overdensities and underdensities along its trace?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of open clusters in the Milky Way Galaxy, and how do they relate to the open cluster population formed in different regions of the galaxy and to the binary fraction in open clusters?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the chemical evolution of the Galactic disk?
What is the age and origin of the Galactic globular cluster 47 Tucanae and how does it relate to the chemo-dynamical evolution models for the Milky Way?
Does the metallicity distribution of the Galactic bulge reveal a chemical differentiation by age, with the thick and thin disk having formed at earlier and later times, respectively?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and overdensities observed in the Gaia DR2 data?
What is the origin of high velocity stars that have metallicity above -0.5 dex and can they originate from the Galactic center or were they kicked up from the Galactic disk?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize the kinematically distinct substructure of the debris halo in the solar neighborhood, and provide evidence for a correlation between the substructure and the presence of a dwarf galaxy, and help constrain scenarios for the origin of the substructure?
What is causing the discrepancy between stellar evolution models' predictions and observational results regarding the presence and magnitude of sodium and aluminum overabundances in red giant stars, and what factors are influencing the behavior of [Na/Fe] and [Al/Fe] versus [Fe/H]?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemistry, spatial distribution, and kinematics provide insight into the formation of the bimodality?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the stellar halo?
What is the age of the thin disc and how does it relate to the other structures and components of the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and substructures?
What is causing the velocity anisotropy profile in the Milky Way disk beyond certain Galactocentric radius, and is it a result of a external perturbation or a non-stationary perturbation?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal disruption?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of APOGEE-DR14 element abundances and Gaia-DR2 kinematics?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemistry, spatial distribution, and kinematics provide insight into its origin?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable distance indicator?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity information from chemical tagging and spectroscopic follow-up be used to identify and characterize merger debris in the local stellar halo, and can the kinematics of the merger system be used to constrain the mass of the progenitor?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Is there a possible link between the formation of extra-tidal structure and the tidal disruption of a star in the globular cluster M62?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from high-resolution spectra to identify consistent patterns in the chemical evolution of different regions of the Galaxy?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocities slightly below 220 km s-1 in the solar neighbourhood, and could it be due to the co-rotation resonance with a small sub-structure in the Galactic halo?
What is the cause of the ridges and dips seen in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and could it be a result of the tidal tails of dwarf spheroidal galaxies impacting the disk?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize open clusters and star sequences, and distinguish between Galactic halo and extra-tidal objects?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal disruption?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation of the thick disk and metal-rich dwarf populations in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 $T_Z$ vs. [M/H] space, and how is it related to the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function observed in the Gaia DR2 $Z_T$ vs. [?
Can an empirical colour-magnitude-metallicity grid be constructed using open clusters of different ages and metallicities to constrain stellar models and confirm their ability to reproduce observational features?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the proper motions, distance estimate, radial velocity distribution, and kinematics properties of the stream's stars?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and constrain the cluster's kinematics and metallicity?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemistry, spatial distribution, and kinematics information provide insights into the formation of the bimodality?
What is the nature and origin of the low-mass, kinematically distinct stars recently discovered in the solar neighborhood, and how do their chemical and kinematic properties compare with other members of the thin and thick disk?
Can the Gaia satellite's precise distance measurements be used to test different gravitational theories and constrain the mass of the Milky Way galaxy, even without assuming that the satellite's owners have perfect information about the astronauts' orbits?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately predict missing line-of-sight velocities in astrometry-limited regions of the Milky Way, and be a valuable tool in astrometry and spectroscopic follow-up for future spectroscopic surveys?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond the standard Jeans equation?
Can the Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the solar neighborhood, specifically the spiral arms, and can the velocity distribution of the open clusters provide information on the arm kinematics?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the formation of planetary systems in the Milky Way, specifically for ultra-faint and medium-faint substructures, and can we use Gaia DR2 proper motions to identify them?
Can the Gaia satellite detect the kinematic signature of a dwarf galaxy in the Milky Way and provide insight into the accretion event that created it?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters provide evidence for the dynamical heating and compression commonly seen in massive stellar populations?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor systems of the Milky Way correlate with the metallicity of the globular clusters, and can the difference between the observed metallicity of the progenitor systems and the sum of the metallicity of the globular clusters be explained by the tidal stripping of the former?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 1261?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf galaxies Crater II and Hercules, and how do they relate to the Milky Way's history?
Can the new Galaxy model, consisting of a disc, spiral arms, and a thick and thin disc, explain the kinematics and chemical properties of Open Clusters and provide a consistent and comprehensive understanding of the kinematics, kinemal age, metallicity, and [alpha/Fe] of Open Clusters worldwide?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark-matter halo?
Can the use of chemical abundances and elemental fluxes in the atmosphere provide insights into the dynamical history and evolutionary processes of the Milky Way, as well as the chemical evolution of its satellites?
Is the Galactic warp a gravitationally induced feature that affects both the upper main sequence and the giant branch?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of brighter stars in the Galactic disk that is opposite to the small overdensity of fainter stars, and could it be due to the disruption of a non-axisymmetric stellar disk by the passage of a massive satellite or a dwarf galaxy?
Can the Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and determine the rotation pattern of the thick and thin discs?
Can the Gaia mission's science objectives be achieved using a hypothetical dataset composed of simulated objects randomly selected from a catalogue, and can this hypothesis of whether or not the objectives can be achieved using this dataset be verified through data analysis and comparison with theoretical distributions?
What are the possible progenitors, their stellar mass, and supernovae explosion energy of five CEMP-no stars, and what are the possible links between them, as well as the mass lost during their evolution and the mass range of their progenitor stars?
Can the new Gaia release (Version 2.0) be used to perform a detailed chemical analysis of the Milky Way and compare the results with other spectroscopic surveys?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the distribution of young stars in OB associations and lead to a revision of their history?
Can Gaia EDR3 data be used to detect and characterize the Galactic warp, including determining its axis, curvature radius, and line-of-sight velocities?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by gravitational perturbations from a massive substructure in the Milky Way, most likely a dwarf galaxy?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What is the age and metallicity gradient of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the chemical evolution models of the Galaxy and the initial mass function of the star-forming stellar populations?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the formation of planetary systems in young stellar clusters and could the observed asymmetric distribution of pulsationally clumped atoms in [{\alpha}/Fe] ratios in the inner and outer parts of the Beta Pictoris cluster be explained by the orbital eccentricity distribution of the binary companions?
Is there a common pattern of chemical evolution in high-velocity thick disk stars with halo-like kinematics, and can it be used to distinguish between in-situ and pre-supernova stars?
Does the presence and amount of position-velocity substructure in the halo of the Milky Way depend on the selection criteria used to define a sample of member stars, and can it be used to constrain cosmological parameters?
Does the presence of a dark matter mini-halo surrounding a globular cluster protect it from tidal stripping and explain the observed velocity dispersion in NGC~6362?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia mission's five-dimensional datasets be transformed into a three-dimensional space of interest, allowing for a better understanding of the Milky Way and the opportunity to test different theoretical models of the galaxy?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian STREAMFINDER pipeline provide accurate stellar parameters and abundances for over one million stars and reveal interesting substructure and trends in the halo abundance patterns?
Is there a common kinematic and chemical signature among Milky Way globular clusters with high-velocity stars, and can Gaia data be used to identify and study these systems further?
Does the Milky Way have a bar pattern that is detectable in the phase-space distribution of its stars?
Is there a possible link between the Galactic spiral structure and the distribution of hypervelocity stars in the solar neighbourhood?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy revealed by their chemical and kinematic properties, and how do they relate to the known open clusters and possible stellar explosions that created them?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
Does the morphology of the horizontal branch in globular clusters change with metallicity and can this be used to identify clusters that have experienced chemical enrichment?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide accurate spectroscopic metallicities for open clusters and give a unique opportunity to study the spatial and kinematical distribution of different ages in the outer Galactic disc?
Can the Gaia mission be used to determine the absolute proper motions of hypervelocity stars and constrain the dark matter distribution within the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What is the age and composition of the Galactic thick disk as revealed by open clusters and resolved stellar populations?
Is the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the leading and trailing tidal tails of globular clusters explained by a simple equilibrium model that considers the cluster's potential, the efficiency of the random-walk process, and the chemical composition of stars?
What is the origin of "young" [$\alpha$/Fe]-enhanced stars with stellar ages younger than 6.0 Gyr and [$\alpha$/Fe] ratios greater than 0.15 dex, which are not expected from classical Galactic chemical evolution models?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV-VIP survey allow for the construction of a precise and accurate metallicity grid in the local Galactic coordinate space, which can then be utilized for chemical tagging in Gaia data releases after the data freeze?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic open clusters and determine the parameters of their potential sets, including the parameters that distinguish them from the main-sequence populations?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-Roche lobes, and confirm the star is a super-Chandrasekhar black hole in a near-isolation well above the Galactic center?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud (SMC)? Can the analysis of chemical abundances, particularly in the Cu-Ni-Zn diatomic clusters ratio [1] and [Fe/H], as well as the study of stellar evolution models, help to constrain the conditions under?
What are the origins and characteristics of the four distinct populations of stars that make up the bulk of the known high-velocity star catalogue, and how do their chemical compositions and stellar evolution status compare?
Can Gaia EDR3 data be used to detect and characterize ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocity space with higher Galactocentric radii than expected from the Milky Way's metallicity, and could it be due to the co-rotation resonance of the Sagittarius dwarf spheroidal galaxy?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or a systemic effect from the cluster's orbit?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently identified kinematically distinct substructures in the tidal stream of the globular cluster M68 and how do they evolve towards the cluster center?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What is the origin of extreme radial velocity stars, and can it be determined through measuring their proper motions with the Hubble Space Telescope?
Can the Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic stream environment and constrain the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of $r$-process elements in Gaia-Enceladus and can their high [{Eu}/{Mg}] ratio be explained by $r$-process enrichment through neutron-star mergers?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance, radial velocity, and kinematics of its stars?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new STREAMFINDER algorithm reveal a vast undiscovered stellar stream population in the Milky Way and help understand the gravitational potential of the galaxy?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by gravitational perturbations from a large stellar object or an intermediate mass black hole?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream associated with NGC 288, and can the chemodynamical analysis of their spectra be used to confirm the tidal origin of the stream and determine their metallicities and distances?
Is there an intermediate-mass black hole in the center of the globular cluster NGC 6397 or a diffuse dark-matter-like halo surrounding the cluster?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark-matter halo?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct parts, an inner and outer halo, and can these structures be characterized by their chemical and kinematic properties?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 2902, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-sample of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 radial velocity catalogue, and how does the chemical and kinematical properties of stars in the bimodal MDF correlate?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of open clusters in the Milky Way, including their physical parameters and potential chemical anomalies, compared to catalogue based on ground-based observations?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud (SMC)? Can the chemical and kinematical properties of star clusters provide information about the formation environments and the star formation history of different clusters?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can a neural network be trained to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocities from astrometry in simulated data, and can this technique be applied to study the kinematics of the thin disc and determine the dynamical age of its components?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Is the Galactic warp a gravitationally induced or a self-gravitating phenomenon, and can the pattern speed of the spiral structure in the stellar component of the galaxy provide a fingerprint to differentiate between the two possibilities?
Can a neural network trained with spectroscopic data from APOGEE-DR3 accurately predict elemental abundances for stars in the Milky Way galaxy, and can it be used to study the chemo-dynamical structure of the disk and identify stellar populations with distinct yields of carbon, nitrogen, and iron?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with PSF-matching techniques provide an accurate and precise catalogue of fundamental stars in the Milky Way, including their chemical abundances, which can be useful for various studies related to the Galaxy?
Does the morphology of horizontal branch stars in globular clusters have a galactic kinematic signature that distinguishes between stars that were born in-cluster and stars that were born off-cluster but have since moved in?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and characterize ultra-faint structures in the Galactic disc, including potential wave-like patterns, and can these structures be linked to known kinematic models for the disk?
Can a non-parametric model for the Galactic longitude density function be constructed using a combination of Gaia DR2 radial velocities and parallaxes, and will it be able to accurately predict open clusters and stellar streams?
Can the use of chemical abundances and clustering analysis in the elemental abundance space improve the feasibility of chemical tagging within the thin disk population and enable the recovery of more open clusters' members?
Does the morphology of the horizontal branch in Milky Way globular clusters change at a certain mass, and can it confirm the existence of a high-mass progenitor and/or tidal debris from a massive satellite?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud, and how do the chemical and kinematic properties of the clusters relate to the properties of the host dwarf galaxy or dwarf spheroidal galaxy?
Can the Gaia satellite detect the kinematic signature of a stellar warp in a star stream and establish whether or not it is co-located with a previously known warp?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the tidal debris from specific known mergers be used to constrain the properties of the galaxy's potential and the amplitude of specific cosmological models?
Can the Gaia satellite provide accurate absolute distances to millions of stars and open clusters and enable detailed dynamical and chemical analyses, constituting a game-changer for galactic studies?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and characterize the Galactic warp and quantify the effects of external factors, such as the Milky Way's Large Magellanic Cloud and the Small Magellanic Cloud, on its creation and evolution?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the Gaia DR3 catalogue be used to identify and study stellar streams, specifically the Sagittarius stream, and provide a blueprint for the study of other structures such as the Orion and Perseus streams?
