Do the kinematic and chemical properties of stars in the Milky Way's disk and halo differ and can they be identified using a machine learning algorithm?
What is the nature of hypervelocity stars and their ejection mechanisms, and can a statistical sample of HVSs from the LAMOST spectroscopic surveys and the upcoming Gaia mission provide vital constraints on the ejection efficiency and mass loss rate of globular clusters?
What is the cause of the "bumpy" pattern seen in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and how likely is it to be a temporary perturbation or a small random fluctuation?
Did the thick disk set the initial conditions for the formation of the thin disk and is there a correlation between the stellar ages of the thick and thin disks?
Can the Gaia mission's initial data release be used to determine the kinematics of the thin and thick disks and provide insight into the dynamical evolution of the Milky Way?
What is the origin and properties of the HR 1614 moving group and how can it be explained by different scenarios such as a merger event, a disrupted dwarf galaxy, or a progenitorless accretion?
What are the accurate distance estimates for globular clusters can be obtained by combining data from Gaia DR3 parallaxes with Bayesian sky background modelling?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion and confirm that the Milky Way is gravitationally tethered at the Local Maximum?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a clear imprint on the properties of phase-mixed debris streams, specifically for the Helmi streams in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through spectroscopic and photometric analyses?
Does the presence of binary companions in globular clusters affect their kinematics and what constraints can be placed on the mass and distance of the Milky Way using the kinematics of these objects?
What is the most accurate and robust method for determining spectro-photometric distances of red giant stars in the Galactic disk using synthetic isochrones and compared to other methods?
Can the use of Gaia data with PSF-matching techniques provide a more comprehensive understanding of the spatial and kinematic distribution of objects in the Milky Way, leading to a richer picture of the system's substructure and kinematic history?
What is the origin of high velocity stars and can it be determined through measuring their chemical abundances and analyzing their orbits?
Is there a possible correlation between the period and the age of the open clusters, and can the period of the variables in these clusters be used to derive their atmospheric parameters and mass loss estimates?
Can the Gaia DR3 catalogue be used to detect and characterize the kinematic and chemical properties of the inflowing stellar halo in the Galactic center, and provide a preview of what to expect from future studies of the low-mass stellar populations in the vicinity of the accreted progenitor dwarf galaxy?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Could the observed "bump" in the metallicity of the Galactic thin disk be explained by a population of dynamically young stars, and is there evidence for a recent starburst in the thick disk?
Are the observed breathing motions in the Milky Way a result of resonances with a population of yet-to-be-discovered dwarf galaxies, and can cosmological simulations provide a way to constrain the galaxy's present-day space density and determine whether or not it has been void-free throughout its history?
Are the possible extended star clusters in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy the result of tidal slingshot orbits from interaction with the Large Magellanic Cloud, and can the overdensities in the star counts in the stellar halo be explained by the broken density profile of the tidal tails?
What is the mass of the Milky Way's dark matter halo, and how does it relate to the observed position and velocity of the Leo I dwarf spheroidal galaxy?
Could the recent passage of a large asteroid cause the observed slight shift in the position of a small moon, and could this shift be measured with upcoming surveys such as Gaia and 4MOST?
Can an improved Gaia DR4 parallax bias be determined as a function of distance, color, and ecliptic latitude using a single method applied to stars in open clusters, globulars, the LMC, and the SMC?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both red giant stars and blue stragglers?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-sets to obtain accurate distances and metallicities?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by the perturbation caused by a large object passing through the stream?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to successfully estimate spectro-photometric distances of stars, and can it be trained and validated using data from the Gaia archive?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor a supermassive black hole?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VV 291, a carbon-enhanced metal-poor globular cluster with a kinematical profile similar to a tidal dwarf galaxy, and how does its outer halo-like profile and tidal tail suggest a disrupted tidal dwarf galaxy?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in galaxies over time, taking into account delayed enrichment from low-mass satellites, multiple bursts of star formation, and dynamic star formation zones?
Can the 'Gaia' mission be used to determine the stellar parameters, distances, and abundances for nearly a billion stars and reveal new information about the structure and evolution of the Milky Way?
Can chemical abundances, particularly the [$\alpha$/Fe] ratio, [O/Fe], and [Zn/Fe], be used as age proxies to derive stellar ages for different metallicities?
How do energetically unbound stars known as potential escapers impact the kinematics of stellar populations in globular clusters, and what constraints can be placed on their properties and escape speed?
What is the mass of the Milky Way within a distance of 12 kpc and is there coherent stellar velocity structure in the halo that can explain the break in anisotropy in the 15-25 kpc region?
What is the origin of "dwarf" and "dense" globular clusters, and how do their kinematics and chemical compositions differ?
Could the recent passage of the Large Magellanic Cloud have triggered the wave observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the solar neighborhood, and what other factors may have contributed to its explanation?
What are the properties and characteristics of simulated Milky Way-mass galaxies that have undergone both a Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage merger and a recent accretion of a Large Magellanic Cloud, and can the merger signature in these galaxies be distinguished from the signature left by a recent accretion of the LMC?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23 and isolate the core of the cluster, confirming its stellar-mass and chemical authenticity?
Can data mining and statistical techniques identify previously undiscovered substructures in the rich and poor halo regions of the Milky Way, including those associated with known merger events, and provide a complementary approach to galaxy formation and structure studies?
Can chemical abundances of red giant stars in open clusters be used to detect interesting substructures, and what constraints can be derived on the large scale structure of the Galaxy from the observed patterns in the space density and velocity dispersion of different clusters?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-CL160, a dynamically interesting star with a wide range of possibilities for its classification, and how can further spectroscopic and photometric observations help to constrain its physical parameters and chemical abundances?
Can the Gaia mission's science objectives be achieved using a hypothetical dataset constructed from a mixture of mock signals generated using Gaia DR2 simulation tools?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and determine their physical parameters, including distances, ages, and binarity rates?
How do the chemical abundances of red giant stars in open clusters relate to stellar nucleosynthesis and Galactic chemo-dynamical evolution, and how do they compare to previous results obtained in studies of open clusters, globular clusters, and the thick and thin disks of the Galaxy?
Is the co-rotation resonance what stabilizes the spiral structure in the Galactic disk and is it related to the water masers?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can the formation of spirals in the (z,v_z) phase plane of solar-neighbourhood stars, observed in both Milky Way and its neighbor galaxies, be explained by a simple model that considers the amplitude and frequency of stars' vertical oscillations and the tidal force exerted by massive substructures passing through the Galactic plane?
What is the mass of the Milky Way and how can it be accurately determined using the systemic proper motions of old open clusters measured by the VVV survey?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new Wavelet Transform Machine help identify and study stellar streams in the Milky Way by overcoming the challenge of separating them from background galaxies and improving their detection sensitivity by at least three times compared to other methods?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify and measure the three-dimensional structures of the Galactic disc, including the spiral arms, the outer warp, and the inner stellar warp, as well as the spiral density wave and pattern speed of the Milky Way's outer disc?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a generic feature of all bar-like galaxies and can it be confirmed by analyzing a large sample of $\sim 300$ bar-like galaxies from the {\it Gaia} Early Data Release 3?
Are the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy's thick disk that are observed to have different metallicity distribution functions formed at comparable times and did their bimodal [Mn/Fe] distribution originate in the thin disk?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does understanding the origin of these stars at the forefront of the Milky Way's gravitational field inform us about the galaxy's local velocity distribution?
What are the origins of ultra metal-poor stars and what can their orbits tell us about the early formation of the Milky Way?
Do massive stars have to be born in dense clusters or can they be found in less dense environments and potentially migrate there?
What are the properties and distinct components of old populations in the Milky Way based on the metallicity distribution of fundamental-mode RR Lyrae stars detected by the OGLE survey?
Can the use of new and more reliable distance and proper motion measurements, combined with precise orbits from Gaia DR2, significantly improve the accuracy of the local matter density and consequently the gravitational potential in the solar neighborhood, and can this new density field be used to constrain the various effects of matter on different astrophysical systems in the neighborhood of the Sun?
Can the Gaia DR1 parallax bias be quantified and eliminated from distance estimates using a homogeneous sample of primary stellar spectroscopic parallaxes?
Can the behavior of the dominant mode in a perturbation series of an arbitrary celestial body be predicted using a finite element method and compared to analytical estimates and observations?
Can Gaia measurements of proper motions be used to identify and study the dynamical properties of minor objects in the Milky Way, including the sub-centimeter asteroid stream surrounding the globular cluster M13 and the distant stellar stream associated with a former tidal disruption event in the outer disk?
Did the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus gas-rich merger induce a starburst, contributing to the chemical enrichment and creating conditions for the formation of star clusters in the local interstellar space?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer disc populations vary in terms of their heating and kinematics compared to inner disc populations?
What are the kinematic constraints on the chemical evolution of the Galactic thin disc using open clusters as probes and what is the role of the spiral arms in the formation of the $\alpha$-enhanced objects?
What are the kinematics and dynamics of the outer halo, and what are the possible formation scenarios for the low-mass satellite system in the outer halo of the Milky Way?
Are the proposed stellar members of Chamaeleon I and II chemically distinguishable from each other and from other open clusters?
Can the use of GALAH data with \textit{Gaia} DR2 parallaxes plus 5D spectro-photometric information, compared with Gaia \textit{TGAS} parallaxes, reduce systematic errors in distance estimates and allow for better-constrained samples of stars with [Fe/H] measurements?
Are the low-luminosity dwarf galaxies Crater II and Hercules a combined system that has been distorted by the Large Magellanic Cloud, providing a unique opportunity to study the external perturbations that have affected it?
Can a non-parametric model for the Galactic potential be constructed that accurately predicts the number density and chemical abundances of stars in the Open Cluster NGC 2818, and can this model be used to constrain the chemodynamical parameters of the Galaxy?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can we use spectroscopic and astrometric values measured for individual stars to calculate their distances, chemical abundances, and kinematics, and investigate the parameters space of the Galaxy models?
Does the abundance of s-process neutron-capture elements increase in a gradient with decreasing stellar age, and is there a possible break in the gradient at an intermediate stellar age?
Does the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the leading and trailing tidal tails of open clusters support the "tidal tails are young" hypothesis?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between them?
Can the dynamics of individual stars be modeled to infer constraints on the stellar and dark matter mass distribution within our galaxy, and can this technique be applied to measure the dark matter mass and constrain the galaxy's gravitational potential accurately?
What is the origin of the dominant stellar halo component with high metallicity and retrograde kinematics in the solar neighborhood, and how is it linked to an ancient head-on collision with a large dwarf galaxy?
What is the formation scenario of Westerlund 2 (Wd2) and can it be explained by either the disruption of a small cluster or the evaporative removal of gas from a massive proto-cluster?
Can a new methodology consisting of high-dimensional data analysis and a particle spray code be used to identify extra-tidal stars associated with globular clusters and determine their physical parameters, including metallicity and distance?
Is the outer halo of the Milky Way galaxy fragmented into sub-haloes due to the strong gravitational potential of the inner dark matter mass, and can cosmological simulations separate the fractions of stars originating from each sub-halo and measure the mass of the halo and the sub-halo mass function?
What is the total mass and density profile of the Milky Way and how is it affected by the presence of a massive Large Magellanic Cloud and unbound stars?
Can Gaia provide a better understanding of the dynamics of the Galactic disc and open clusters by measuring their orbital parameters, kinematics, and providing a detailed map of the abundance distribution?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize open clusters and candidate stellar origins for known and proposed hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 6761 coeval, and can the sum of A(C+N+O) abundances provide information on the formation history of the cluster?
Can white dwarf stars be used as reliable cosmochronometers to identify and derive an age distribution of the Hercules stellar stream by analyzing their kinematic characteristics?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the effect of different potential models on the interpretation of spectroscopic measurements?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor a supermassive black hole that is regularly exposed to infalling red giant stars, which can be identified through their chemical signature and traced to being born in the core of $\omega$ Centauri?
Can the behavior of uncertainties in Gaia EDR3 parallaxes be characterized and a procedure for the calculation of distances to stars and stellar clusters be provided?
What is the origin of a group of kinematically and chemically distinct halo stars in the Solar neighborhood, and how do their trajectories and chemical composition provide evidence for the disrupted accretion event of a dwarf galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Do young stars in the Perseus arm exhibit coherent outward motion with a possible convergence zone near the W3/W4/W5 region?
How does the contraction of dark matter halo leads to a significant reduction in the required dark matter density to account for the observed overdensity of stars in the solar neighborhood, and what implications does this have for the interpretation of cosmological observations and the design of future experiments?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize the structures of the tidal debris field surrounding the Galactic globular cluster M67 and provide unprecedented constraints on the cluster's past tidal encounters?
What is the structure and properties of the outer Galactic disc, including the warp, ridges, and spiral arms, as determined by analyzing open clusters located in all four quadrants and incorporating accurate distance estimates and proper motion measurements?
What is the nature of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local open clusters, and how can the distribution function parameters (e.g., scale length, sigma_el, and metallicity-dependent alpha) be used to derive structural and chemical information about the clusters and the Galactic environment?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what implications does this have for the interpretation of observed kinematics and chemical properties in the disk and the bulge?
What are the different mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematic map of [$\alpha$/Fe] in the Galactic thin disc and how do they relate to the formation of different [$\alpha$/Fe] environments in the Galaxy?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?Can the dynamics of tidally induced spiral arms in the Milky Way be studied and compared to N-body simulations and observational data to infer the potential and perturbation's initial conditions, as well as the arm kinematics and longevity?
What are the astrophysical parameters, distance, and age estimates, as well as the detailed abundances and spatial distributions of open clusters associated with Gaia DR1 open clusters catalogue, and what is the age difference between the oldest Open Cluster associated with Gaia DR1 open clusters catalogue and the youngest open cluster associated with Gaia DR2 open clusters catalogue?
What are the metallicity gradients of the Galactic thick disk in the radial and vertical directions and how do they differ between thin and thick disk stars?
What is the mass, mass density profile, and radial velocity distribution of the Milky Way's dark matter halo within 150 kpc from the Galactic center?
Can the proper motion of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galaxy's?
What is the structure of the outer Galactic disc, specifically the warp, and can it be accurately studied using star counts obtained from Gaia DR2?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the VVV survey provide a more comprehensive catalogue of open clusters and near-isolation bins for distance estimates, leading to a more precise determination of the local standard of rest and, consequently, the local Hubble constant?
How does the contraction of the dark matter halo during the formation of luminous satellites affect the sensitivity of dwarf spheroidal galaxies to the dark matter distribution?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a clear imprINT in the phase-space distribution of stars in the solar neighbourhood, and can it be used to construct a map of the potential that is compatible with the James Webb Telescope's mission objectives?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations to derive a more accurate model for the gravitational potential of the galaxy, while simultaneously constraining the parameters of the base galaxy model and the dark matter mass?
Do the chemical inhomogeneities observed in the Milky Way's younger stars correlate with the location of spiral arms, indicating that the spiral arms are the origin of these chemical features?
What are the origins of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how do the bimodal MDFs in the thin disk and thick disk populations relate to the bimodal MDF observed in the globular cluster NGC 288?
Is the linear structure of 25 star-forming regions in a segment of the Sagittarius Arm a substructure within the lower density crests of the arm, a spur, or an isolated event?
Can the formation of a new resonance in the outer disk of a central dark matter halo be explained by the excitation of a specific kinematic mode in the disk and be used to constrain the radial and vertical force components of the halo's gravitational potential?
Can Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiraling and counter-rotating substructures in the outer disc?
What is the nature of the kinematic behavior of the Galactic disk beyond the solar neighborhood and how does it vary based on metallicity and alpha enhancement?
Is there evidence of kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy, and if so, what are its origins and implications for galaxy formation models?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
What mechanisms were involved in the formation of very metal-poor stars with disk kinematics and those that formed in halo environments but retained their kinematics?
How does radial migration affect the Galactic disk and what are the different mechanisms behind this process for young and old open clusters?
Can the "Gaia mission" data be used to constrain the Galaxy potential and derive new parameters, such as the distance to the Sun, while also providing a test-bed for new methods of Bayesian parameter estimation?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Did the merger event between the Galaxy and Enceladus inhibit the formation of a massive satellite galaxy in the same way that the merger event with the Large Magellanic Cloud did, leading to a prolonged period of starburst activity in the host disk and the formation of a thick disk with a broadened distribution of metallicities?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations and a combination of chemical and kinematical information to build a detailed picture of its assembly history and understand the origin of the low-mass satellite galaxies that make up the globular cluster systems of the inner and outer halo?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a unique imprint on the properties of phase-space spirals in the $z$ versus $J_K$ plane, specifically the $z_\text{$Peak$}$-$\sigma_J$ and $\sigma_\text{$z_\text{$Peak$}$}$-Thorne-?
Can Gaia kinematics be used to discover thousands of new stellar systems, including those associated with known clusters, and provide a clearer picture of the spatial and kinematical structure of the Galactic halo?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to super-relativistic velocities and how does the discovery of these stars affect our understanding of the galaxy's gravitational potential and dark matter distribution?
Could the Milky Way dwarf spheroidals be DM-free and tidally shocked near their pericenters, leading to a significant shift in our understanding of the halo’s particle composition?
What is the most appropriate model for tracing the metal-rich tail of halo stars that can account for the observed overdensity, metallicity, kinematics, and age?
Can Gaia kinematics be used to discover thousands of new candidate stellar streams, including in directions with no previous catalog of structure, and provide a complementary dataset to help constrain the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and distinguish open clusters that formed in the bulge of the Milky Way from those formed in the disk, and can the open cluster catalogs be used to construct a map of the disk and identify unknown open clusters?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the value of the Galactic anisotropy parameter?
Is FSR 1776 a confirmed globular cluster located in the Galactic bulge, and can its physical parameters be properly characterized through isochrone fitting and Bayesian mass estimation?
How and when were the progenitors of Milky Way-sized galaxies assembled, and did bulges and disks form in lockstep or through separate processes?
Do the observed kinematic substructures in the halo of the Milky Way galaxy at certain distances from the center of the galaxy correlate with the location of globular clusters, and provide evidence for a correlation between the kinematics of the stellar halo and the kinematics of globular clusters?
Did the Milky Way accrete a satellite galaxy at an early age that merged with the early disk, and did this event trigger the formation of a chemically distinct low-$\alpha$ disk and perturb a significant fraction of its stars?
Are the observed kinematic substructures in the tidal tails of open clusters a result of a stochastic process or an alternative theory to cold-dark-matter cosmology is required to explain them?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
Does the structure and size of globular clusters and dwarf galaxies in the Milky Way's halo depend on their orbital pericenter, and can these objects be used to constrain the shape of the halo and the velocity dispersion of the dwarf galaxies?
Does M54 represent a transitional system between globular clusters with and without dark matter halos, and how does its evolution within the galaxy depend on the time of accretion and orbital pericenter?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with PSF-matching techniques provide a much less biased and more reliable estimation of the population parameters of the young stellar association Gaia 1 compared to previous studies?
What is the relationship between scale height and radial action in the Galactic disks and how do thick and thin disks differ in their ability to mobilize resources and build structure on timescales of 10<sup>3</sup> years?
Does a diffuse gaseous galactic halo medium play a significant role in quenching dwarf galaxies in the Milky Way?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-cubes, and can the resulting parameters be used to establish a baseline for comparing spectroscopically derived parameters with those obtained through alternative methods?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local open clusters and how does it relate to the bimodality in the Gaia DR2 metallicities?
What are the different origin scenarios for the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how do they relate to the observed kinematics, chemical abundances, and age distribution in the region?
Does the presence and amount of binary companions in globular clusters correlate with the cluster's metallicities and thus the fraction of first and second generation stars present in the cluster?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly the disk-bulge-halo paradigm?
Does the presence of a dark matter minihalo surrounding a globular cluster protect it from tidal stripping and explain the observed kinematics deviations in Gaia-Tycho-TGAS?
Did the Gaia DR3 parallax catalog reveal and provide observational constraints on large numbers of new stellar parameters for which compared stellar models were required?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance, radial velocity, and kinematics of its stars?
Did the Milky Way accrete a satellite galaxy at an early age that merged with the early disk, and did this event trigger the formation of a chemically distinct low-$\alpha$ disk and disrupt a fraction of its stars?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions that are adapted for the task of parametrizing a particular model's free parameters?
What is the formation scenario of Westerlund 2 (Wd2) and its bimodal velocity distribution function (VDF) in the outer disk of the Milky Way?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of open clusters correlated, and can the identification of cluster kinematics and chemistry predictions provide insights into the formation and evolution of the Milky Way?
What are the different formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 2419?
Can Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide a more complete picture of the inner halo by extending previous studies to include more galaxies and regions of the sky beyond the Galactic center, and can this data set be used to study the kinematics of the inner halo in more detail?
Could the true nuclear star clusters (NSCs) accreted by the Milky Way be identified and traced to accretion events witnessed by the Gaia DR2 astrometric catalogue?
What is the total gravitational potential model of the Milky Way Galaxy and what is the estimated total mass of the galaxy based on kinematic measurements of the GD-1 stream and predictions from the STREAMFINDER algorithm?
Are the chemical sequences in the Milky Way formed in a bottom-up fashion from single-star chemical evolution models, and can we detect and quantify them using future large spectroscopic surveys and a consistent set of chemical parameters?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates, and constrain the Galactic chemical evolution models?
What are the possible astrophysical scenarios for the formation of a hypervelocity star with a metallicity different from the one of its progenitor star and why is it necessary to constrain the metallicity dependence of the escape speed to accurately interpret the hypervelocity star catalog?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Are the low-latitude globular clusters Terzan 10 and Djorgovski 1 a part of the Galactic bulge/bar region or do they represent an independent formation in the disk?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Do open clusters show an increasing trend in neutron-capture abundance of s-process elements (Zr, Ba, La) as a function of decreasing cluster age, and what factors affect the observed trends?
What is the mass of the Milky Way galaxy and how can it be accurately determined using the systemic proper motions of halo stars measured by the VVV survey and the two-point correlations in the Gaia Early Data Release 3 catalogue?
Can a neural architecture trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on the astrometric noise around them?
What is the age and origin of the debris found in the Galactic halo, as well as any potential progenitor systems?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the local stellar halo of the Milky Way, including the high energy retrograde component and the low energy anisotropic component?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disk population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity objects and potentially provide a more robust link between astronomy and physics?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on the astrometric prediction residuals of a given catalog entry?
Can we use the kinematics of a dynamically cool stellar stream in the Milky Way halo to constrain the mass distribution and overall geometry of the galaxy, and determine whether the Galactic halo is nearly in equilibrium or not?
Can the use of astrometry and photometry data from the Gaia mission help identify and evaluate the scientific potential of promising new clusters and overdensities in the galaxy, including in the outer disc, and contribute to a comprehensive catalogue of substructures in the Milky Way?
Can the use of multiband photometry and accurate Gaia-EDR3 parameters allow for a detailed study of the largest and most complex open cluster in the Milky Way, NGC 288, and provide a template for investigating other massive open clusters in the galaxy?
What is the origin of the core of the Galactic stellar halo and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the formation of spirals in the $R-$$Z_1$ phase plane of stellar populations in the solar neighborhood, observed in both the horizontal and vertical planes, be explained by a simple model that considers the amplitude and periodicity of the Galactic bar and its sheaths?
Did the merger event between the Galaxy and Enceladus inhibit the formation of a large numnber of stars in the disk beyond 2 Gyr and 1/2 Kpc from the center, as predicted by numerical simulations, and can the distribution of red giant stars confirm and constrain the initial disk and halo populations of the Galaxy?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Do open clusters show an increasing trend in their effective temperature with increasing Galactocentric distance, and how reliable is the Wendland formula for converting cluster effective temperatures into absolute ones?
Does the Gaia-ESO Survey Data Release 1 provide a homogeneous and comprehensive catalogue of $> 300\,\rm{mu}\mathit{m}$ astrometric distances to $> 30000$ reference stars, including basic statistics, calibration information, and identification comments, and can it be used as a reference catalogue for future spectroscopic surveys?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique subset of the most metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What are the properties and characteristics of the low-luminosity, red-giant branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 6652, and can they be identified as helium-enhanced or not?
Do isolated neutron stars and black holes exist in our Galaxy in vast numbers, and can they be identified using microlensing events and astrometric measurements?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream associated with NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Are the chemical inhomogeneities observed in the Milky Way's younger stars a result of the disk kinematics or formation of the stellar halo?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
Do the chemically distinct subpopulations of stars in the Omega Centauri dwarf galaxy, known as the Alpha and Beta populations, have different kinematics and how do their orbits compare to other halo stars of similar metallicity?
Do the new values of the orbital parameters of 152 globular clusters determined using mean proper motions obtained from the Gaia catalogue match the predictions of the globular cluster models prepared for the Gaia mission?
Can a novel approach of consistently populating star particles with stars, tracing the evolution of the stellar mass function at high resolution, allow for the most precise measurement of the initial mass function and provide a template for future studies?
Can the Gaia FGK Benchmark Stars library provide a homogeneous and reproducible method to assess and calibrate spectral analyses in current and future spectroscopic surveys?
Can the use of astrometry and photometry data from the Gaia mission help identify and characterize variable star populations in the Milky Way, including open clusters, and provide insights into the history and evolution of the galaxy?
What is the nature, assembly history, and dynamics of the debris field associated with the $V\beta$-object in the Milky Way, and can it be explained by processes such as tidal stripping or ejection from a dwarf galaxy?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of Open Clusters consistent with them being the primordial building blocks of the Galactic disc?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of Galactic globular clusters defined by their chemical and kinematic properties, and how do they relate to the two dominant progenitor candidates for the Milky Way's globular cluster system -- massive accretion and/or a composite relic of a dwarf galaxy?
What is the nature and origin of the significant residual detected in the Milky Way halo model, and how can it be disentangled to understand the properties of the system's stars, dark matter, and baryons?
Are the chemical abundances of stars in the high-energy retrograde halo, which have low $\alpha$-element abundances and are kinematically suspicious, consistent with the idea that there has been substantial dynamical mixing in the Milky Way retrograde haloes?
Is there strong correlation between Gaia DR2 parallax and spectroscopically confirmed distance in the bulge of the Milky Way, and can Bayesian distances provide a more precise and quantitative measurement of the distance to each star?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 1851 coeval, and can the sum of A(C+N+O) abundances provide information on the formation history of the cluster?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can this correlation be used to establish an empirical metallicity scale for the open cluster NGC 2818?
What are the kinematics and dynamics of two spiral arms and a diffuse stellar halo in the Galaxy, and how do they explain the observed velocity dispersion profiles and ratios?
Can Gaia provide a clearer picture of the structure and evolution of the thin disk of the Milky Way, including the identification of cool-core and warm-core sub-structures, the tracing of the spiral arms, and the measurement of the rotation curve and the dynamical matter density?
What are the possible formation scenarios for the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, including classical scenarios involving a spiral arms and a gas giant, and new ideas such as a planar/dwarf spheroid collision or a bar heating imbalance?
What are the chemical abundances and radial abundance gradients of thin and thick disk stars across different ages and how do they vary with metallicity?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream associated with globular cluster M92 by comparing their physical parameters and searching for distinct overdensities in particular isotope abundances or specific stellar parameters?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of open clusters correlated, and can the study of open clusters provide insights into the history and evolution of the Milky Way?
What are the chemical and kinematic properties of the Galactic thin and thick disk and how do they vary with distance and metallicity, and what are the factors affecting the formation of the thick disk?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its galaxy and dark matter components?
Could the recent passage of a large black hole in the Milky Way main disk trigger the burst of star formation observed in the bulge of the galaxy and in certain globular clusters, and be a universal signature of such an event?
Is there a signal of dark matter annihilation or decay in the diffuse gamma-ray emission in the Milky Way Halo region, which would have a flux 10^3 times higher than predicted by current indirect detection experiments?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 1851 coeval, and can the sum of A(C+N+O) abundances provide information on the formation history of the cluster?
Are all the Galactic globular clusters single-population candidates or do they host multiple chemical compounds, including metal-poor stars that can be identified through the distinctive characteristics of their elemental abundance patterns?
What is the structure and origin of the newly identified cluster, $\omega$ Centuri, and how does it relate to the previously known ones, such as Monoceros, in terms of kinematics and chemistry?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-232, a carbon-enhanced metal-poor star with a flat and eccentric velocity ellipsoid and a large anisotropy parameter?
Do the observed different behaviours of the dominant spiral modes in simulations of barred and unbarred galaxies as a function of numerical resolution provide a way to constrain the nature of Galactic spiral arms?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to some systematic effects?
Can the Gaia DR4 catalogue be used to detect and characterize the kinematic substructure of the inner halo in a way that is immune to the effects of overdensities in the galaxy distribution?
What is the most accurate method for determining the absolute magnitude and distance of M54, and can it serve as a reference point for future studies on the structure and evolution of the Milky Way?
What are the accurate distance estimates for the Galactic globular clusters NGC 288, NGC 362, and NGC 6218 and how do they vary between different distance-determination methods?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mostly rule out that they are from a neutron star/black hole supernova precursors or diffuse electron-capture deficient neutron star supernovae?
Can a self-consistent dynamical model based on gravitational potential obtained from fitting Gaia data be used to accurately determine the kinematics and densities of sub-components of different ages in the Milky Way, and can this model be used to compute orbits for real stars in our galaxy?
What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way disc's stellar kinematics, and how does it constrain the galaxy's mass distribution and dark halo properties?
Can the "VISTA Variables in the Via Lactea eXtended (VVVX)" survey identify and provide information on previously undiscovered open clusters and stellar streams in the Galactic halo?
Are hypervelocity stars with nominal Galactocentric distances greater than 30 kpc and speeds exceeding 200 km/s anomalous in the Milky Way, and can the HVS catalogue be modified to detect more of them?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with PSF-matching and proper PSF-driven parallax estimation facilitate the measurement of stellar parameters, distances, and velocities, and provide a homogeneous stellar dataset for the Southern Galactic bulge?
Can a neural network approach using photometry and parallax with isochrones accurately estimate the ages and masses of red giant stars, and can it be used to study spatial and kinematic gradients as well as possible merger events in the outer halo?
What mechanisms are responsible for the ejection of late-B type unbound hyper-runaway stars from the Galactic disk?
What is the most accurate model for predicting the gravitational potential of the Milky Way Galaxy, in terms of the phase-space distribution function, and how does combining data from Gaia, \textit{Astrometry}, and \textit{DR2}: Galaxy models and the Galaxy potential.
 ### Background: The distribution of matter in the Milky Way is a?
Can the VVV survey be used to efficiently identify and parametrize variable sources in Galactic globular clusters and improve our understanding of their physical parameters, such as distance, extinction, and metallicity?
What is the mass of the Milky Way and the accuracy of its measurement using the systemic proper motions of satellite galaxies determined in a homogeneous and isotropic model atmosphere?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, host a supermassive black hole, and can the effects of its mass shadow on the stellar debris track be measured to test whether it is a supermassive black hole?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion with respect to the Galactic center and test different gravity theories?
Are the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy's thick disk that are observed to have different metallicity compositions the result of a dynamic equilibrium scenario in which the low-velocity population is siphoning stars from the high-velocity population and vice versa?
How do stellar interactions among cluster members affect mass loss after gas expulsion in massive and loosely bound stellar clusters?
What is the origin of high velocity stars that have metallicity above -0.5 dex and can they be classified based on their chemical composition and orbital characteristics?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a gravitational-momentum-conservation-breaking deformation of the stellar disc and affect the formation of kinematic substructures, and can cosmological simulations provide a consistent and quantitative understanding of the bar's effects?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations to obtain a more detailed picture of its assembly history and understand the constraints on the assembly prescription of the Milky Way?
Can the dynamics of tidally induced spiral arms in the Milky Way be studied using a continuous-time Hamiltonian approach and can the secular evolution of the arms be compared to the initial conditions obtained from a full-field numerical simulation?
How does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, affect the kinematics and chemical evolution of the local medium-metal-rich field population?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectro-photometric distance estimates for 1.1 million stars and construct a catalogue of 1D velocity components, including metallicity, for 1.25 million objects, and provide a homogeneous and comprehensive understanding of the metal-rich disc of the Milky Way?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed, as well as constrain the scale heights and scale lengths of the outer parts of the Galactic disc?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a small sample of metal-deficient globular clusters, and how do they relate to known open clusters, young galactic fires, and dynamical effects?
Does the Hercules stream in the Milky Way consist of stars orbiting the Lagrange points of the Galactic bar, as predicted by a dynamical model based on observed kinematic and chemical properties?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and GALAH surveys to evaluate their methodological assumptions and potential biases?
Can data driven neural networks be used to accurately derive spectro-photometric distances of stars, and can this approach be used to investigate large samples of stars in the Gaia dataset to constrain the kinematics and chemical evolution of the Milky Way?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct parts, an inner and outer halo, and can the kinematics of satellite galaxies be used to constrain the scale length of the inner halo?
Is there a correlation between the period and the age of $r$-process neutron star candidates in \textit{Gaia} Data Release 3?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population and how are their patterns related to the Milky Way's history and evolution?
Are the double red-giant stars in globular clusters NGC 1851 and M10 kinematically distinguishable, and can their chemical abundances provide information on the history of the clusters?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and distinguish between open and closed clusters based on their kinematics, and can the clusters be used to trace the history of the material from which they formed?
How does the structure and size of globular clusters and dwarf galaxies affect their survival in the presence of a supermassive black hole?
Is there a correlation between stellar galactocentric velocity and planet occurrence in the Solar neighborhood?
What is the mass profile of the Milky Way within a certain distance range and how accurate are the estimates?
What is the cause of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf spheroidals be explained?
Can the behavior of uncertainties in Gaia data products be analyzed to determine the accuracy and precision of different information categories, and can this information be used to improve data reduction pipelines and calibration methods?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what are the significant effects that the bar can have on the surrounding disc?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the local stellar halo of the Milky Way, including the high velocity component and resonant component, and can they be better understood through the measurement of their kinematics and chemical abundances?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the Milky Way's stellar halo, including the high-velocity component and the dynamically hot component?
What caused the phase spiral and other perturbations in the phase space of the Milky Way's disc galaxies 3.5 Gyr ago, and could the "intruder" galaxy NGC 7006 have been the culprit?
Is the linear structure of 25 star-forming regions in a segment of the Large Magellanic Cloud a trace of a tidal stream generated from a larger galaxy?
What is the nature and origin of the significant X-ray flares observed in the first 2.5 years of the Chandra X-ray Observatory's mission?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects all age populations across the Galaxy, and can it be used to constrain the Galaxy's gravitational potential and test different models of gravitational potential?
Does the presence of a dark matter halo in the Milky Way lead to the formation of extra-tidal stars in the disk that can be identified through their chemical signature and astrometric data?
What is the origin of high velocity stars that have metallicity above -0.5 dex and can they originate from the Galactic center or were they kicked up from the Galactic disk?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Does the observed differences in metallicity and vertical velocity among kinematic groups in the Solar Neighborhood relate to differences in their mean age?
Can an alternative approach that treats galaxies as macro-scale phenomena, rather than a collection of individual stellar populations, provide a clearer understanding of the history and assembly of the Milky Way, and be used to constrain the galaxy's assembly process, particularly in terms of the gas cooling and disk heating rates required for the formation of a major axis length ≈ 30 kpc?
What is the age and origin of the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus galaxy, and how does it relate to the formation of other structures such as the Hercules-Aquila tidal stream and Orphan Stream?
Can the Gaia data release 2 provide a comprehensive catalogue of open clusters and enable detailed studies of the stellar populations, e.g., identifying the variables K and L stars, determining the age of the clusters, and providing a homogeneous seed catalogue for the Monte Carlo N-body simulations?
What are the chemical and dynamical properties of stars stripped from the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy over time, and how do they differ from the core of the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy and other dynamically older stream samples?
Does the observed difference in the metallicity of two clusters of similar age and formation mechanisms, namely NGC 6522 and NGC 2419, provide a way to constrain the chemical enrichment of the Universe at redshifts 2.7 < z < 3.9?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 1851 coeval, and can the sum of A(C+N+O) abundances provide information on the formation history of the cluster?
Can a three-stage method, using t-SNE, hierarchical clustering, and Gaussian processes, accurately identify and morph discrete stellar populations in a simulated spectroscopic survey of the Galaxy?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Are the possible extended star clusters or even young proto-galaxies detected in the nearby IR images of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6652, and how likely are they to be spurious detections caused by background stars or background galaxies?
What is the origin of the low-metallicity, kinematically interesting halo globular cluster NGC 5779 and how does it relate to the Milky Way accretion event and the build-up of its neutral halo?
Can the Gaia spacecraft be used to measure the proper motions of hundreds of millions of stars and detect structures in the Galactic potential that have been predicted by theoretical models?
What is the cause of the different behaviors of the dominant spiral modes in simulations of barred and unbarred galaxies, and how do the modes interact with the bar and other substructures in the halo?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 1261?
What are the different origins of the metal-poor stars in the Galactic bulge and how do they relate to the formation of the Milky Way's bulge and its history?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can the Gaia mission's precise distance measurements, rich chemical data content, and large survey area be used to detect and study the massive and weakly-bound stellar halo, and provide a blueprint for future surveys?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Are the newly identified substructures, GR-1 and GR-2, in the nearby stellar halo accretion debris of dwarf galaxies?
Does the morphology and evolution of galactic stellar populations at high and low latitudes provide insight into their origin and the factors that drive their evolution?
Can we use a polynomial photometric calibration method to derive precise distances to millions of stars and provide a consistent set of parameters for metallicity and velocity anisotropy in the Galactic disk?
What are the different heating mechanisms and dynamical evolution scenarios for red giant stars in the solar neighbourhood that can explain the observed kinematics and chemical characteristics?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
What is the origin of the different kinematic properties of the outer halo and dwarf spheroidal galaxies (dSph), and how do they relate to the $z=0$ "mass-metallicity" relation, $z=0$ "chemical-metallicity" relation, and the "dwarf-?
What is the total population of globular clusters in NGC 5128 and how accurate is the identification of these clusters using data from Gaia, PISCeS, and NOAO archives?
Can the Milky Way halo be characterized by a specific gravitational potential and its effects on the kinematics of its associated dwarf spheroidals, leading to a unified model for Alpha, Delphinaris, and Tucanae DSWs?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
What is the nature of the X-ray flares observed in the first few years of the XMM-Newton mission, and how do they compare to expected phenomena such as sub-keV blackbody emission and spectral fits?
Can a method based on broad-band photometry be used to infer the shape of the velocity distribution function for a sample of $\sim 1$ million Milky Way halo stars, and can this distribution function be used to build a map of the halo's pressure profile?
Can the new deep near-IR images and photometry from the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) allow for the charting of previously unexplored regions in order to complete the census of Milky Way globular clusters and estimate their physical parameters, including metallicity and age?
Can the Gaia satellite's high-precision astrometry be used to detect structures in the solar neighborhood and identify candidate galaxies associated with specific chemical abundances?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Is the outer part of the Milky Way's disc in a state of significant disequilibrium and can this be detected using only distance and proper motion data from Gaia's Early Data Release 3?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
Can the new algorithm called STREAMFINDER detect even ultra-faint moving groups of stars in astrometric surveys such as the OGLE Long Baseline Campaign and the third data release of the Gaia astrometric catalogue?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsided perturbation in the Milky Way's disc known as the Snail, and can it be used to constrain the Milky Way's gravitational potential and determine whether it is a ''just-right'' disk or a ''too-tight'' one?
What is the relationship between the properties of stars in globular clusters and the properties of the underlying stellar populations?
Can the proper motion measurements derived from Gaia data be used to determine the location of star-forming regions and protostellar clusters in the Galactic disk?
Do the chemical inhomogeneities observed in the Milky Way's younger stars correlate with the location of spiral arms, indicating that the spiral arms are the origin of these chemical features?
How does the contraction of the dark matter halo in the Milky Way's small galaxies affect the need for large dark matter halos to explain observations?
What is the origin and properties of the phase-space perturbations in the Galactic potential and how do they affect the distribution function of stars in the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage dwarf galaxy be explained by a merging scenario and be used to constrain the mass distribution of the Milky Way and the dark matter halo of the galaxy?
Can the proper motion of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galactic mass distribution?
What is the formation scenario of Westerlund 2 (Wd2) and can it be explained by either a single burst of star formation or two distinct episodes of star formation?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a transient or a persistent feature, and how can its dynamics be understood using simulations of the galaxy in both the dark matter and baryonic potentials?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle pattern in the GD-1 stream and can it be attributed to a perturbation rather than a progenitor?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in a population of objects similar to the Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage trio that combines information from Gaia DR3 astrometry, SDSS spectroscopy, and H{\scriptstyle II} regions?
Can a three-dimensional map of the hydrogen density distribution be constructed using X-ray spectral fits and accurate parallax and distance measurements, which could reveal information about the chemical evolution of stellar populations in different environments?
Can the VVV survey data be used to estimate distance and distinguish between types of variable stars present in the Galactic bulge, particularly given the prevalence of variables with oscillation periods longer than 10 minutes?
Could the recent passage of the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) deliver the needed metallicity and alpha-enhancement to explain the observed chemical abundance patterns in the inner halo, and could this explanation be extended to other ancient globular clusters?
What is the cause of the "dingy" or "dirt-like" appearance of globular clusters NGC 2419 and M13, and how does it relate to the presence of large populations of neutron stars and black holes?
Can Gaia data alone be used to establish a chronology of the Galaxy's disk and stellar populations, and can the identified coherent structures in the data be interpreted as signature of different disk kinematic components?
Is the Galactic halo composed mainly of first-generation stars, and can their distinct chemical and kinematic properties be used to separate in-situ and freshly-ejected populations?
Does the morphology of the low-density halo in the Solar neighborhood depend on the selection function used to define a sample of halo stars, and can it be characterized by the proportion of low-mass or "lost" stars?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct populations of ancient stars, one that is similar to the thick disk and one that is comparable in metallicity to the thin disk?
What is the origin of $r$ and $z$ symmetric overdensity in the Milky Way and could it be a signature left by a massive satellite galaxy that collided with the Milky Way and fragmented its disc?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo globular cluster stars be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galactic mass distribution?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a clear imprint on the properties of phase-space distributions in the literature sample of $\textit{Gaia}$ Early Data Release 3?
Does the structure of the Galactic gravitational potential leave a clear imprint on the properties of phase-mixed debris streams, specifically for the Helmi streams in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
How do stellar interactions among cluster members affect mass loss after gas expulsion in massive and loosely bound stellar clusters?
Is the observed asymmetric velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood a result of a non-isolated velocity distribution function or a perturbation from a symmetric distribution caused by an external influence, such as a gravitational potential from a large galaxy or a strong tidal force from a massive sub-halo?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Do the properties of parent and child stars in a stellar birth event in the Milky Way galaxy correlate spatially and chemically, and can they be used to map the kinematics and chemical properties of the disk?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is their relationship to the orbits they follow and the potential of the galaxy?
What mechanisms were involved in the formation of very metal-poor stars with disk kinematics and most tightly bound halo stars, and do these stars provide insights into the early stages of Milky Way and dwarf galaxy formation?
Does the metallicity distribution of the Galactic open clusters show a correlation with their age, and can it be used to establish an empirical age scale for the Galaxy?
What are the possible progenitors, their stellar mass, and supernovae explosion energy of five CEMP-no stars, and are they related to any known open clusters or supernova event?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a systematic error in local shearing velocity measurements and can it be accounted for in Gaia EDR3?
Do the chemical compositions, ages, kinematics, and orbital eccentricities of different types of stars in the Milky Way provide insights into the formation and evolution of the galaxy's structure?
Can the use of Gaia Data Release 2 with the revised Sigma/Ramaoff profile function improve the spectro-photometric distance estimates for millions of stars and provide a valuable test-bed for distance-estimation techniques?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data help constrain the dynamical matter density model of the Milky Way and reveal new information about its structure, including the presence of a central compact region and mildly overdense substructures at the solar distance?
Can the new space telescope Gaia detect the kinematic signature of a tidal stream generated by NGC 288 and provide evidence for the Milky Way's local dark matter density?
What is the total mass of the Milky Way that can be kinematically constrained using Gaia DR2 astrometry and how does it vary based on different mass models for the Milky Way and individual components?
Do the newly identified classical Cepheids in Galactic open clusters, including Be 51 and Be 55, provide valuable information for calibrating the period-luminosity relation and improving the distance ladder?
Can Gaia DR3 data detect the kinematic signature of a dwarf galaxy merger in the solar neighbourhood, and be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way and the halo mass function?
What is the age and evolutionary status of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362, and how does the addition of post-disruption stars affect the estimates of its metallicity and distance?
Are the two main stellar populations of 47 Tucanae (1) coeval, (2) of similar binarity, and (3) formed in an environment with moderate to high metallicity?
Does Gaia EDR3 provide better metallicities, distances, and astrometrical solutions for Trumpler 23 than Gaia DR2, and can the metallicity gradient at large Galactocentric radii be confirmed as well?
Is the Galactic halo entirely built from accreted dwarfs and heating of the disk, and can these systems be identified through the H3 Spectroscopic Survey combined with Gaia?
Is the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic bulge caused by different distributions of $\alpha$-abundances for metal-rich and metal-poor components?
Can Gaia EDR3 data reliably identify open clusters and distinguish them from other types of compact objects?
How sensitive are the Gaia DR2 parallax measurements to distance errors and how can possible systematics sources be identified and accounted for in parallax calculations?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Can a self-consistent dynamical model based on gravitational potential obtained from fitting Gaia data be used to accurately determine the kinematics and densities of sub-structures in the outermost disc of the Milky Way, and can this model's predictions for the density structure of the Milky Way be compared to alternative approaches?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance, kinematics, and spectroscopy of its stars?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations and a combination of chemical and dynamical indicators to identify and quantify merging events and track the build-up of a central black hole in the upper halo?
Can the new Gaia DR3 release be used to determine the complete and accurate astrometrical solutions for open clusters, including proper motions, distances, and metallicities, which can then be used for comparative studies on sample open clusters with different technologies?
What is the origin of the \emph{Vela} HII region and its relationship to the \emph{Palomar 2} overdensity in the Galactic bulge?
What is the origin of hypervelocity stars with speeds about 100 km/s above background and how do they relate to the Milky Way halo and stellar black holes?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Chabrier spiral reflect the star formation history of the Milky Way?
Is the bimodal Gaussian distribution of metallicities in high-resolution spectroscopic surveys of the Milky Way halo a consequence of the selection function of the surveys or a signature of the distribution of "thin" and "fat" discs in the galaxy, as well as a way to constrain the formation of the thick disc and the timing of the formation of the thin?
What are the astrophysical parameters, age, distance, and mass of the newly discovered open cluster Naud de Vigo (NdV) and how does the analysis of chemical abundances provided by Gaia DR3 provide relevant information to constrain the age and mass estimates of the cluster?
Are the observed breathing motions in the Milky Way galaxy a result of resonances with a population of undetected low-mass satellite galaxies rather than being a signature of an old and dense progenitor galaxy?
How do the metallicity and velocity anisotropy of OBA-type stars at various distances from the Galactic center differ from what was predicted by theoretical stellar models, and what does this tell us about the properties of the Milky Way's disc and halo?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way stellar overdensity \textit{NGC 3603} and how likely is it that \textit{NGC 3603} is a transient accretion event that will be subsumed into the disk eventually?
Can the Milky Way halo be examined in detail to identify and measure distances to as many as $10^{3}$ stars km above the Galactic plane, and can this information be used to construct a thorough map of the $z$ dependence of the (lack of) thin disk and build a library of $z$ dependence functions for other datasets?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and study the Galactic halo population, including ultra-faint and distant objects, and provide a homogeneous and precise catalog of the whole population, and can the mission's science potential in the field of astrophysics be assessed based on this capability?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity stars and distinguish between potential HVS candidates and foreground stars?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galactic mass distribution?
What is the cause of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf spheroidal galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a clear imprint on the properties of phase-space distributions in the outer disk, specifically the parameter $\beta$ in Galactic longitude-velocity space, and can these distributions be accurately determined using a family of parametrized distribution functions?
Could the recent passage of the Galactic bar cause noticeable perturbations in the vertical velocity distribution of stars in the disk, and can Gaia data be used to detect such a signature?
Is the outer part of the Milky Way's disc in a state of significant disequilibrium and can this be detected using only distance and proper motion data from Gaia's Early Data Release 3?
How does the contraction of dark matter distribution induced by the presence of baryons affect the inferred halo mass and concentration of the Milky Way, and can we determine the total dark matter mass within 1% accuracy?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures that dominate the velocity field of the Milky Way halo at different distances from the Galactic center, and how do they provide insights into the formation and evolution of the halo?
What is the relationship between the chemical and dynamical properties of stars in the Milky Way and the strength of the spiral density wave, and can a neural network be used to accurately infer the chemical properties of stars based on their position in the galaxy?
Can the Gaia-Enceladus/Gaia-Sausage merger, which is marked by the radial and counter-rotating debris, be explained by the gradual erosion of a centrally-fed perturbation by the expansion of the Galactic disk?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new version of the Astrometry Pipeline provide accurate proper motions for millions of objects, including trigonomagnetic stars, and allow for the construction of solar-system-scale velocity maps?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galactic mass distribution?
What are the possible progenitors, their stellar mass, and supernovae explosion energy of five CEMP-no stars, and what is the relationship between their metallicity and sodium abundance?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3-D velocity distribution of stars in the solar neighbourhood, and how can they be explained by different dynamical models?
Can the behavior of uncertainties in Gaia EDR3 parallaxes be characterized and a procedure for the calculation of distances to stars and stellar clusters be provided?
What is the mass of the Milky Way within a distance of 12 kpc from the Galactic center, and how can it be accurately determined using the systemic proper motions of old open clusters?
Are the possible extended star clusters in the Galactic bulge actually part of a coherent dynamical history, and are they closely linked to the past merger event?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to determine the stellar parameters, distances, and metallicities of millions of targets, providing a unique and competitive platform for multi-object spectroscopic surveys while serving as a prototype for future observations?
What is the most reliable method for determining stellar ages in the open clusters and how do the results from different methods compare?
What is the age and origin of the metal-rich tail of the Galactic open clusters, and how are they related to the thin-disk, thick-disk, and halo populations?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for open clusters and potential accreted stars, and can the proper motions acquired in the field be validated and used to determine the mass of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
What are the astrophysical parameters, age, distance, and mass of the poorly studied open cluster King 13, and is it a dynamically relaxed cluster?
What are the origin and evolutionary mechanisms of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and what are their possible formation scenarios?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to dynamical processes that are not yet understood?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensity of stars in the Orphan Stream?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and can they be explained by any known nuclear reaction?
What is the nature of the X-ray spectra and variability mechanisms of the newly discovered X-ray source in the globular cluster NGC 6652, and what is its connection to the unexplored soft X-ray domain?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is there evidence of a centrally concentrated or diffuse population of stars in the Galactic centre, and can the kinematics of the disc stars provided by Gaia DR2 be used to distinguish between these scenarios?
Are the large and small hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way's halo the result of a single mega-strike approximately 2.7 Ga ago, and can their orbital parameters and chemical abundances provide information on the baryonic mass of the Milky Way?
Can the VVV survey data be transformed onto the 2MASS system for cross-matching with Gaia DR2 to obtain orbits for "lost" stars, and can the lost star catalog be used to estimate the external perturbations affecting the VVV survey data?
What is the origin of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct orbital properties and chemical characteristics from the rest of the Milky Way's dwarf population, and do they indicate an accreted origin or a separate origin in a dwarf dwarf galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify and measure distances of over 300 million objects, including an updated catalog of 1,000 open clusters, a star catalogue with improvements to individual stars' parameters, and a three-dimensional potential map of the Milky Way?
How do stellar interactions among cluster members affect mass loss after gas expulsion in massive and loosely bound stellar clusters?
What are the possible origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with high metallicity and alpha-enhancement characteristics previously claimed to be transitional objects between high-mass stars and low-mass ones?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Do the kinematic properties of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies correlate with their mass, and can they provide constraints on the formation of galaxies and the efficiency of satellite accretion?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia pipelines to determine their quality and limitations?
Can a novel approach to reconstructing stellar populations using Gaia DR2 photometry accurately estimate the age, mass, and distance of a young open cluster?
What is the cause of the large differences in metallicity between chemically distinct clusters with similar ages and how do selection effects and inaccuracies in chemical abundance measurements impact the metallicity distribution function and offer a way to identify the most metal-rich clusters?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201 in the southern halo, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters in the presence of a bar and how do they differ from Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage and Enceladus models?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream of NGC 288, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can a data-driven approach using artificial neural networks accurately classify open clusters based on their spectroscopic and astrometric properties, and produce a much smaller parameter space space and a clearer understanding of the variables that affect the clusters' radii?
Can Gaia provide a comprehensive catalogue of open clusters and a quantitative measure of their metallicity for stars down to a certain age, which will allow for the study of the chemical enrichment processes occurring in the early history of the Milky Way?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
Is the Galactic warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects all ages and populations of stars, and can it be used to determine the mass of the Milky Way and constrain the dark matter halo on various kinematic maps?
Can the dynamics of tidally induced spiral arms in the Milky Way be studied and compared to N-body simulations and observational constraints using a larger range of values for $R_c$ and $L_x$?
Does the Milky Way's bar cause a measurable bias in determining the galaxy's gravitational potential from kinematics alone, and can it be accurately estimated and included in models?
Does the structure and size of globular clusters and dwarf spheroidals in the Milky Way, as well as the ratio of in-situ to accreted stars in them, provide unique and independent constraints on the accuracy of galaxy formation models?
Are the possible extended star clusters in the Galactic halo associated with known overdensities in the star-forming and/or high-velocity tail of the stellar distribution, and do they suggest a common origin for the in-situ and out-of-situ stars?
What is the origin and properties of the unusual kinematic and chemical properties of VVV-CL1, a carbon-rich dwarf with a flat kinematic and lithium abundance three times higher than expected for its metallicity?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and measure the parameters of ultra-metal poor stars in the Milky Way bulge, and can these stars be used to trace the spiral pattern in the plane of the Milky Way and test dynamical predictions of the density wave theory of the Milky Way?
Are Centaurus I and Delphastron stars dynamically linked to the Galactic center, and are they oscillating at regular intervals?
Does the Hercules stream in the Milky Way consist of stars that were ejected from the globular cluster M86, and can the age of the stream determine the minimum and maximum distances of the stars from M86?
What is the origin of the observed kinematic patterns in the Milky Way's stellar halo and can spectroscopic surveys begin to constrain the assumptions made in simulations of its formation?
Is the Galactic potential a smooth function of distance or does it contain structures, in particular a possible warp, which could explain the observed deviations from a flat base?
Can the dynamics of individual stars be modeled to infer constraints on the stellar and dark matter component of Milky Way planets, and can this technique be used to accurately constrain the mass of the Milky Way, determine the age of the stellar disk, and measure the dark matter density at a variety of distances?
What are the chemical gradients and dynamical effects of the Galactic disk in the direction of the solar motion and can they be accurately inferred using open clusters as tracers?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud, and how do the physical properties and chemical evolution of the oldest open clusters in the Milky Way Galaxy relate to the stars that they contain?
Can the behavior of accreted stars in Galactic globular clusters be used to constrain the initial mass function and give a more accurate measure of the mass function at low energies?
What mechanisms are responsible for the ejection of late-B type unbound hyper-runaway stars from the Galactic disk?
What is the mass of the Milky Way galaxy and how can it be constrained using a sample of halo stars and globular clusters?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint satellite galaxies that would have otherwise gone undetected?
What is the age composition and star formation history of the globular cluster system in the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy, and can it be reconciled with the observed ultraclean asymmetry in the progenitor galaxy?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of galactic halo stars that have distinctly metallicity and kinematics profiles, and how do their chemical and dynamical properties provide insights into the history of the Milky Way?
What mechanisms are responsible for the ejection of late-B type unbound hyper-runaway stars from the Galactic disk?
Is there a new population of very metal-poor stars in the halo, formed through a mixture of binary interactions and chemical enrichment?
Can a novel algorithm derive the 3D extinction density of dust in the Milky Way, while maintaining non-negative density and performing inference in regions of uncertainty, and be applied to estimate total extinction and mask out-of-bounds regions?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hypervelocity stars in the galaxy, and measure the systemic proper motion, which can be combined with photometric distance estimates to determine the barycenter of the galaxy?
Does the massive Galactic cluster NGC 288 have a bimodal metallicity distribution function resembling alpha-enrichment and delta-enhancement, which can be explained by a mixture model of $\alpha$- and $\delta$-enhanced populations and dynamic mixing within the massive cluster?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to estimate the total Milky Way mass and determine whether or not it is in equilibrium?
What new insights about the local stellar motions can be gained by using Gaia data to determine the individual velocity components of the Milky Way's gravitational potential and how do these measurements compare to those from other methods?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
How does a variable speed disc influence the formation and evolution of a thick disc in the Galaxy?
What is the relationship between the properties of host galaxies and the accretion history of their supermassive black holes in galaxy-scale simulations?
Can a machine learning algorithm trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in a significant reduction in the number of unphysical astrometric solutions and a substantial gain in confidence in the retained list of parameters?
Can the use of GOSSS and Gaia data help identify and measure distances of Galactic stellar groups with OB stars, including those formed in relatively low-mass clusters or near-isolation, supporting the hierarchical scenario of star formation?
What is the formation path of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how is it linked to the known merging events that the galaxy has experienced?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known processes for the production of $\alpha$-elements?
Did the merger event between the Galaxy and Enceladus induce a radial perturbation in the disc that caused a burst of star formation in the inner disc and a slight kinematic asymmetry in the outer disc?
What is the total population of globular clusters in NGC 288 and how accurate is the identification of these clusters using data from Gaia, PISCeS, and NOAO Legacy Survey?
What are the origins of the two populations of stars that make up the bulk of the Universe's heavy element content, and how do they relate to the formation of the chemical species found in stars and in the interstellar medium?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the local stellar halo of the Milky Way, including the high energy retrograde component and the low energy anisotropically moving component?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with bulges in dwarf spheroidal galaxies?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mostly explained by binary neutron star mergers?
Can the Gaia satellite detect and provide spectroscopic parameters for the large population of diffuse nebulae surrounding globular clusters, which until now have been poorly studied due to their distance and small size?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and improve the census of the Milky Way?
What is the formation path of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how is it linked to the known merging events that the galaxy has experienced?
Can the VVV survey in the Vela lobes be used to infer the age and mass of the Galactic center, as well as constrain the vertical velocity distribution, ky, and determine whether or not a black hole exists there?
Can the Milky Way halo be probed by studying present-day satellite galaxies and identified as a composite system consisting of two progenitors, with high-velocity stars being a diagnostic tool to differentiate between accreted and in-situ populations?
What is the mass of the Milky Way's halo, and what are the constraints on its mass, from the kinematics of globular clusters determined by Gaia DR2?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor an intermediate mass black hole that experiences very little or no braking due to the surrounding gas density?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what are the possible explanations for the observed kinematics and chemical properties in the thick and thin disk?
What are the possible progenitors, their stellar mass, and supernovae explosion energy of five CEMP-no stars, and how do their chemical abundances and velocity patterns relate to the formation scenario and post-explosion evolution process?
Could the Galactic globular clusters be associated with the tidal debris resulting from the accretion of dwarf galaxies, and can Gaia DR2 data be used to trace this association?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian STREAMFINDER algorithm reveal and characterize a vast undiscovered open clusters catalog, including hundreds of thousands of the smallest and faintest objects, and provide a sub-centimetric precision and comprehensive theoretical modeling of the Galactic background light?
How does the three-dimensional distribution of disc stars in the solar neighborhood affect predictions of the dynamical Thrift-Asplund-Schoenrich population density and resulting density profiles?
Is the observed strong flaring of the Milky Way disk consistent with it being dynamically heated by the repeated passage of the Large Magellanic Cloud?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic potential and identify them as resonances, overdensities, kinematic islands, and clumps?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint clusters be reconciled with theoretical predictions for the presence of a small number of dominant orbiting kinematic substructures?
Did the Gaia mission's initial underestimated distance to the Galactic center contribute to the observed trend for radial and vertical velocity distributions in the disk as well as the core?
Does the Gaia DR2 parallax dataset have a bias that needs correcting, and can Bayesian distances and the statistical method proposed in Eriksson et al. (2014) be utilized to determine a scale parameter for the bias and a posterior distribution for the bias temperature?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What new nearby white dwarf systems can be identified and characterized through trigonometric parallax measurements using Gaia Data Release 2?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic and photometric information, be used to detect and characterize a large population of stellar streams in the Milky Way, leading to the most complete and accurate catalogue of the stellar streams present in the galaxy?
What is the origin of the "dwarf spheroidals" family of dwarf galaxies and how do they relate to the Milky Way's history?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the formation and evolution of the thin disc as well as the thick and thin disc populations of stellar systems in the Galaxy, including their chemical and dynamical properties, and how do they differ from a traditional hierarchical scenario?
What are the different physical processes that drive the expansion of loose and compact massive star clusters, and how do they depend on initial cluster conditions and star formation efficiency?
How can we accurately select and characterize the Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage kinematic structure in the Galactic halo using kinematics and photometric metallicities, and what is the relationship between kinematic structures and substructures in the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus system?
Could the recent passage of the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) explain the unusual metallicity distributions of certain open clusters, including NGC 2818 and NGC 3628?
What are the kinematics and properties of the Galactic globular clusters NGC 288, NGC 362, NGC 6218, and NGC 6652, and what is the evidence for the presence of anomalous metal-poor stars in these clusters?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations and a combination of chemical and kinematical information to construct a more detailed picture of its assembly processes and understand the origins of its bimodal metallicity distribution function?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV survey enable precise spectrophotometric distance estimates for millions of stars and construct a catalogue of distances with uncertainties?
Is the bimodal shape in the metallicity distribution function of the Milky Way a result of the two distinct populations of globular clusters having a similar metallicity or is there an external perturbation that caused the clusters to experience a recent burst of star formation and/or a change in their environment?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance once the initial shock subside and the data deluge begins provide a detailed and accurate picture of the structure and history of the Milky Way, and lead to a better understanding of the formation and evolution of the galaxy?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high transverse velocity stars in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
Is the linear structure of 25 star-forming regions in a segment of the Sagittarius Arm a substructure within the lower pitch angle Sagittarius Arm, a spur, or an isolated structure?
Can the behavior of the $\beta$-distribution of stellar temperatures be used to constrain the vertical velocity distribution of the stellar disk and determine whether it is uniform or clumpier in hotter areas of the spectrum?
How does the three-dimensional structure of Galactic molecular hydrogen, as revealed by the \textit{Herschel} Space Telescope, affect the accuracy of chemical models in simulating late-type stars and could the overestimated density in some regions of the disc cause a break in the chemical transition in the outer disc?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and distances obtained through spectroscopic and photometric methods, and can it be used to establish a link between the surface temperatures of stars observed by \textit{Gaia} and their stellar parameters?
What is causing the discrepancy between theoretical predictions and observational results regarding the mass distribution of globular clusters in the Milky Way, and what factors are influencing the selection function of globular clusters in surveys?
Can the VVV survey be used to efficiently identify and parametrize open clusters and potential new open clusters in large areas of the sky?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in galaxies over time, taking into account delayed equilibrium, and how does it compare to other models?
What is the age and origin of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 5904, and can the heavy element patterns in the stars of the cluster be used to confirm or deny different origin scenarios for the cluster?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-set of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructure effects?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbour an intermediate mass black hole that experiences very little or inefficient accretion?Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be attributed to a perturbation rather than a progenitor?