"  I'm not a big fan of this either. I've also reverted the ""citation needed"" tag as this is not standard
"  Thanks for your comment - I have reworded this and I think it is fine now, if anyone else has an issue they should add their
"  The ""B"" train?
"   I have a feeling that you are going to try and ban me again, but this time i would really like you to think about why i get the feeling
It's a shame that the administrators here at Wikipedia are so quick to block, but so slow to investigate and take action against those who are clearly abusing the system.
"   2013 (UTC)  Hi! I'm sorry about the incident with the image ""Rahul Gandhi with a fan"",
"  ""I've never said I support the inclusion of the word ""Islamist"" in the lede""  You have not because it has
"== ""I don't like it"" == You're not supposed to ""delete stuff"" without discussing it on the talk pages.
"  The following comment has been left on this talk page.  You are more than welcome to comment on the article's content at any time.
This is a shared IP and I am editing the template at the request of a friend that does not understand English. I am not the one who made the edits, but
"  Hi there, I've been adding some recent press articles about the game. If you could find the 'Cite' button at the top of
" I am very sorry, I have to go to class now. I will reply more later. Thanks for the message though. I'll be on later
"   Please stop. If you continue to introduce inappropriate pages to Wikipedia, you will be blocked from editing.     (Talk) (Contribs)
"  Hi,  I was just looking over your recent edits and I see that you're doing a lot of deletions without giving any indication of
The only thing the IP editor should be asked is whether they're an editor.  If they are not, the revert should be done.  If they are an
It is not my fault that he has a personal interest in that subject.  He has not even attempted to discuss it or to explain why it must be kept, only
. This is not a reason to delete the entire article. As for the (ridiculous) claim that I'm not an editor with a history
I'll just leave this here. — lfdder (T/C) (R:U)   It seems you've already had
The 'bias' claim is ridiculous (and made by you repeatedly), it's not true and you are well aware it is not true. There'
Please do not add nonsense to Wikipedia. It is considered vandalism. If you would like to experiment, use the sandbox. Thank you.  A link to the edit I
"  It's a very bad idea to remove a reference just because you don't agree with that reference. I don't know enough to know
"I have a few suggestions for the page but you have to put them into the format. It's a big job, but I know you can do it
"   Please do not remove important info without good reason.  If you persist in your disruptive editing, you may be blocked from editing Wikipedia. -  talk
"   You are not supposed to delete a user subpage without discussion. You don't have to move it to your userspace, you're free to
.................
2013 (UTC)  It's been about a year since I started this project and I'm happy to report that it has been a success
Please, stop vandalise on Wikipedia. If you continue to vandalise, you will be blocked. If this is a shared IP address, and you didn't
"   == ""It's the same thing as saying that (a) 3 = 5"" ==  No, it'
"   Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Dario Resto. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from
"  It would also be nice if the article contained something to explain why the British and Americans decided not to use the metric system after WW2. I'
The above discussion is preserved as an archive of the proposal. Please add your comments and suggestions below.  If this article should be deleted:  Proposed deletion
"   A request for your opinion   Hi. I am working as a ""curator"" at the article on the band ""The Smashing Pump
I think it is a good idea. I agree that the article should be split but it needs to be renamed too, as it is misleading. It is a very small
I'm not even going to attempt rational thought with you. You've shown an unwillingness to even consider the possibility that your POV might be wrong and have allowed
"  It appears the IP has made some other edits as well – see this edit and this talk page comment. I've asked him to identify himself
"   ""You have been blocked from editing this page for the reason listed above. If you believe this block is unjustified, you may contest the block by adding
"  It appears you haven't responded to any of my previous messages. If you continue to ignore this discussion, you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia."
" I have reverted edits made by  and   that were made after my warning to  and. The edits by them are POV pushing edits. I
. This is a lie and the people who claim this are liars. 98.231.229.129   The people who claim this are liars
":::The ""Biblical accounts"" are not evidence. There's no reason to suppose that the ""biblical accounts"" of any other historical
"   Re: The ""Theoretical and methodological questions of the historiography of the Middle Ages""   Well, I am a ""real""
":::I don't understand why a page about a ""company"" can't mention the company's products, but a page about Apple Inc
"   I'm still not sure I agree with this edit. It seems to be saying that the term ""fringe theory"" refers only to conspiracy theories
I think it should be left out, unless it can be sourced. This is a pretty significant claim to make about a living person, and it should have some kind of
"   Please do not add nonsense to Wikipedia. It is considered vandalism. If you would like to experiment, use the sandbox. Thank you.   If this
"   Rebirth and reincarnation   You are right, I have no idea about it. Maybe you can add something to the ""See also"" section
"  The ""Macedonia"" name (Македонија) is also used by the Republic
Hi, welcome to the world of Wikipedia! You might want to check out the welcome page to learn more about contributing to our encyclopedia. If you need help, take a
"   A barnstar for you!     The Community Barnstar The Welcome Barnstar "Hello, and welcome to Wikipedia! I hope you enjoy the encyclopedia
"   Please stop adding irrelevant external links to Wikipedia, as you did to Metal. It is considered spamming and Wikipedia is not a vehicle for advertising or promotion.
"  This may be worth a section in the article. In 2001, in response to a request from the United States, Canada shut down the
Please, stop vandalise. If you will continue, you will blocked. Ezzex (Contribs) (Talk) (Contribs)
"  ""The first thing they did was go round and arrest the leaders, which I didn't see a need for.""  You're not
I've just added some sources that deal with the issue of what he is most commonly referred to as. I'll add those to the article later.   (
"   A Tag  A tag has been placed on, requesting that it be speedily deleted from Wikipedia. This has been done under the criteria for speedy
You do realize that you just admitted to removing material from an article... and that is edit warring?
" I'd suggest you read WP:MUSIC and note that a music video is a music video.  It is ""music"".
"   Thanks!   I just wanted to say thanks for helping me out earlier today with the whole ""edit war"" thing. It was a frustrating situation
"  Thanks for the heads up. I had no idea about this. It seems very unfair  especially since I am still blocked (for no valid reason
, and I can't even do that without having an account. I think this IP should be blocked for a while.    Stanisław Mikolajczy
REDIRECT Talk:A Passage in the Forest (film) (Shooting Script) (Page 4) - Script needed   This page
" I agree with that. But I don't understand why this sentence is ""riding roughshod"" over FACNPOV when the same
"  Please do not add nonsense to Wikipedia. It is considered vandalism. If you would like to experiment, use the sandbox. Thank you.  A link
"  Hi,, and welcome to Wikipedia! I hope you like the place and decide to stay. Here are some pages that you might find helpful:
(i.e. not an official title) I agree that something needs to be said, I just think that we need to say it in context and with references
" This is not an official policy, and I don't know the full story.  I believe it was started because ""Muhammad"" has
"  Well I was just thinking about how many articles that we have are based off of other websites. I know I've never actually read ""The
You've done nothing to help me learn about this, except make snide remarks. You have not once said anything to help me fix my errors, you just want
"   The (un)welcome addition of the word ""controversial"" to the ""Criticism section""   I'm not
"  Well I'm not ""against"" the article. I'm just stating my concerns. I have a few suggestions though, if you'
"   Please stop. If you continue to remove sections at will, you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.   (T/C)  "Talk"
"   Please stop your disruptive editing. If your current pace continues, you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.   "If you are still writing in third person in
"  The article was not started at 23:58 UTC, it was started at 23:51, 5 minutes before you showed up.
"   You are invited! You're invited to join WikiProject Islam, which is gaining momentum and would benefit from more contributors!  All you need to
Please do not remove content from pages without explanation, as you did to this edit. If desired, take your concerns to the article's talk page. Thanks.
Please don't tell people what to do.  If people are breaking the rules, please point them to the rules and let them work it out.  Thanks.
"::I'm not a fan of the current ""in a film"" sections either (they are all over the place in style), but I'
"   Re: Image copyright problem  I'll take a look at it.  I think I can figure it out, but if I can't
This is a very good question.  The only reason I can see for including it is that it is mentioned in the book 'The Dead of the Island'.
"   Request for Comment on the ""Fringe"" episode ""The Arrival""   I think this episode is worthy of being listed on the Category:
"  This image is not ""fair use."" It appears to have been uploaded as a promotional image by the website it came from.  However,
"   Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Gisele Bundchen. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked
"   You are not an editor  Please stop editing Wikipedia, you are not an editor and it seems you are not contributing anything of value.  If you
"   2008   ""In 2008"". - ""2008"" was not a shiur year. This was the last year
"I just got the book and I am about half way through it so far, and I can tell you, the ""Falcon Handbooks"" are
"   1982 Winter Olympics medal count    The 1982 Winter Olympics medal table is not correct, it is missing the 2 silver medals won by
":::You've done it again! I was reverted for no reason other than your dislike. I am sure that you will do it again. You
"   I'd like to thank you   for the welcome on my first day here on Wikipedia. I look forward to working with all of you.
"  I would like to know why my article about John Frusciante has been deleted without explanation. It is a fact that he plays guitar for the
"   Re ""This album is the fourth installment of the band's ""The Trivium"" series.  It is also considered the first installment
"  The ""Maiti Nepal"" page, which you created, is a great example. I created an identical page for ""Maiti
Please do not remove important info without good reason (I added a citation) 76.122.65.2  00:52, 25 Feb
"   Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Dhanush. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing
"  I've done what I can, but you'll have to take this one to WP:AOE. I've never done an
", 28 February 2015 (UTC)  The article ""The Origin of War"" has been nominated for deletion, and you are the only
This is a shared IP address and there are a number of users who have made edits that are in violation of Wikipedia's three-edit rule and its neutral point of
"   I don't see why you have a problem with the current name (and I think that ""The Controversy over the Origins of HIV
I'm sorry about the misunderstanding. I'm new to Wiki editing so I don't know how everything works here, hence my question. I'll be
"== ""Gorilla gorilla gorilla"" - I think the article is ready to move to C class. I agree the introduction could be expanded a bit
I have no doubt that you can do this job very well. I was just pointing out that it will have to be done in a specific way. My point is that
Please stop adding nonsense to Wikipedia.  It is considered vandalism.  If you want to experiment, please use the sandbox.  Thank you.  (talk)
"  Hi,  I don't think the article is quite at Wikipedia:article quality right now. I've made quite a few changes.
Please review WP:VANDAL.  — lfdder ~ (talk) 01:51, 29 September 2006 (UTC)
I've also added some details about his role on the 4th episode - there was quite a lot to add but he was quite prominent in it so I
"  ""The fact that it has been described as a ""harsh"" and ""brutal"" treatment doesn't really tell us much;
"==:I've added a few things to it, as I'm sure you've noticed. But I think it really needs a lot of work
"  I was thinking of the one about a ""dirty old man"", but I'm not sure if it's the same or not.
":::::If you're going to be this condescending, why don't you just #%*$ the entire article instead of cherry-p
" I am sorry for my rude behavior and I hope I will make your understanding. I have no other option than this. You can contact me at  (
"   I am a bot, and I have added a link to this article on the Special:Autoarchive_candidates page because it is a low-importance
This page should not be speedy deleted as being about a company which is a mere clone of another company, because.... (v) (r) (e
Thanks, for the reply, it was very helpful and answered most of my questions. I'm not too sure if I should add in the info that she's
"  I don't see why you can't just make two sections. The ""Official Name"" section could be moved to just below ""
"   18th Century?
I'm sorry, I have to go away for some time and will not be able to continue with this discussion. Please do whatever else you think is necessary. Regards
Please stop your disruptive editing. If you continue to vandalise Wikipedia,  you will be blocked.   (t/c)  20:54, 21
REDIRECT Talk:Kurat-Kurat people (Kurat-Kurat) (Kurat-Kurat)
"  It's good to hear from you! I am glad you liked my suggestion, I have had some success with the ""sandbox"" idea
"  The reason for the (apparent) lack of an article on ""The Beatles"" is that there is no consensus on a) who is
Please stop adding nonsense to Wikipedia.  It is considered vandalism.  If you want to experiment, please use the sandbox.  Thank you.   (✉)
It's been a while but I think I can figure it out, thanks. -)  01:14, 1 May 2005 (UTC
I have just been blocked for no reason and I think it is wrong!  I have made a few edits to the page and I have also made a few edits
"  ""Atheism has no tenets"" - ""a tenet is a principle or doctrine or an authoritative belief, and atheism does have those
Hi!  Welcome to Wikipedia. Thank you for your contributions so far. I hope you like the place and decide to stay. Here are some pages that you
Please stop your disruptive editing. If you continue to introduce inappropriate pages, templates, or images into Wikipedia, you will be blocked for a period of time.   (Talk
"   You have been  blocked from editing for vandalism. If you wish to make useful contributions, you are welcome to come back after the block expires.  -
" ""The term ""Islamophobia"" is used to stifle debate about the nature of the Koran.""  It's not.  The
"   The ""Greeks"" were 100% European. "Greeks" and ""Turks"" are Ethnic labels, ""
"  I don't have the capability to write in Korean on Wikipedia. So I'll ask you to do it. The reason of this is simple
.  As per WP:MEDRS.  48 hours.  talk. (t) 16:54, 26 Mar 2006
I have just added an article about the [[Wikipedia:Articles for deletion/Rangpur Garrison|Rangpur Garrison]]. Please have a look
"   Please do not add nonsense to Wikipedia. It is considered vandalism. If you would like to experiment, use the sandbox. Thank you.   talk "
"   Re:  I am a bit confused.  What's the problem with the current title, which is simply ""Ganesha Temple
"  ""In the United States, the term is used almost exclusively in legal contexts, although it is also used in some non-legal contexts, such as by
(a.k.a. 'Auntiemac64'), I have a question for you, since you seem to be an administrator here on Wikipedia.
"The article needs to be split because there are a lot of things to say about it... it is a ""legend"" after all.""    "
"  I don't know, the way I see it is that you started off being unhelpful and then you started making personal attacks.  In general
" I'm going to try to get a little more detail on some of the other notable people on the list, as well as add some additional notable people
Please, stop vandalise. If you continue to vandalise, you will be block. Thank.  (Talk)   If I continue?
": (after a discussion with User talk:Sjakkalle)   I do not agree with this edit at all.  First of all.
The page you requested (Municipal solid waste) does not exist; you can create it using the link above.  You may wish to consider editing Municipal solid waste
"  I can't even find the article anymore, so I assume it's been deleted. I was just surprised to see a double standard in the deletion
I am trying to improve the article. Please stop making personal attacks and removing content. Thank you. 206.124.59.210  03:59,
This person is an administrator and is trying to get me indefinitely blocked. This is very unjust and not fair. I'm not attacking people on purpose and I'm
"  I've also added the ""P.S. I've had a few beers, so if my language is offensive, I'm
It is a good idea to keep them seperate though. There are people that want to merge them together. It seems to me that it is important to have a stand
"  I am not an administrator and I don't have a ""right"" in this discussion but I'd just like to add my voice of
.  I've been trying to figure out why the image in question is not considered notable.  The source is definitely notable and it's not for
It may be worth considering a list of notable atheists in history as a sort of subpage.  It could be formatted in a similar way as the list of notable scientists
I think this is a great article and it does need more people to read it.  It's so sad and I'm glad I know about him.
I am still waiting for my apology from you. You have not offered one. You have called me a racist and a bigot, and insulted my character and accused me of
" This is a very serious issue. The article in question is not an ""encyclopedia"", it's a forum. Anyone who edits this article
"   2009 DYK   Hello! I've got good news. This article meets our WP:MUSIC criteria and is featured on
I think I may have found it.  Have a look here.  The last sentence of the third paragraph is the one.  I think it should be cut,
"  This is a serious request. I think that you should consider this and respond. I would also request that you stop adding nonsense to the article and other
", 4 July 2009 (UTC)   I think it would benefit from a section outlining what has been done to address the problem in the past,
" Well the fact that she's a ""former member"" is already stated in the article. We don't need to repeat it in the lead
"  Thanks for your message on my talk page  I'm going to reply there, as it is a little too long for the main talk page
":::The ""Macedonian language"" article is in a state of chaos, so I'll just say that there is currently no indication whatsoever that
"I've never heard it before, though.    ""The 'C' in CSS stands for cascade."" - No it doesn't
.  I've made the changes you suggested and you can see them above. I think you've done a great job with this article! I'
"  This article is currently under construction or maintenance. You are welcome to contribute.  ==You are welcome to contribute. You may contribute at any
"  Please do not add nonsense to Wikipedia. It is considered vandalism. If you would like to experiment, use the sandbox. Thank you.  A link
"   ""I can"" and ""I did"" are both present in the first paragraph of the lead. "  I think ""I can
"   Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to User:Gwenpool/Sandbox. If you continue to do so, you
The page is not about a bridge.  It is about a street.  The street is a stub so the bridge article is a subpage not linked on it.
I can't do any better than that.  The 'b' in the second link is a 'v' in my version.  The '
Thanks for this (and for the previous RfC) which I support. The current version of the article is very POV and is not supported by the facts.
It is the same in Canada and I can find no reason why the United States is different.  The United States has no official language, and French is the official language
This is the correct answer, as the original author is the one best placed to know what he means by a symbol.  If someone thinks it is wrong, then they
Thanks for experimenting with us at Wikipedia. Your test worked, and the article that you started has been speedily deleted as a spam. Please don't feel discouraged;
I'm going to have to go with the 12th and 24th for these two.  The 24th because the article says she 'contin
"  No, I am just a person who is tired of people being harassed. I know that you and your friends have had numerous accounts and IP addresses,
"  No, I meant ""Wikipedia"" itself, as a project. As for the other thing you said, I'm a little unsure what
"   I don't understand   Why are you removing my page?
"  I'm going to be making some significant changes, as I think the article has too much POV.  I think it should be split, as
I agree. It is a shame, as I was going to put up some pictures of the original box, but this one is just too much in focus. Oh well
You are very welcome. I'd just like to point out that the article has already been protected once, and I've had a request to do it again,
Please, stop vandalise. If you will continue vandalising, you will be blocked.   - (talk) (contribs) 01:46
You should be more careful before reverting other people's work. See WP:3RR, WP:VANDAL and the Pillar templates. -
"  I think the best way to deal with that is to just ignore it. I'll do the same, and we'll just hope that the
REDIRECT Talk:List of tallest buildings in Hong Kong - Skyscraperup top 2 (Jump to name)   An article that you
":It is not an opinion at all. It is fact that the page was originally started by an Israeli and is now maintained by another 2 or 3 Israelis
"  You may have noticed that there are quite a few articles about ""Bubblegum"" artists. I think they are all linked to the
"   Requesting Arbitration   I am writing to request that a Wikipedia editor be banned from editing Wikipedia for a period of one month.  This will involve the
"   Please do not remove important information from Wikipedia without a valid reason, which you may explain in the edit summary or in the text of the article. It is
"   A tag has been placed on User:Muhammad Faisal Khan, asking him to explain why he has indefinitely/semi-protected a page
"   Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to The Rolling Stones. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing
I have also added some info regarding his marriage. I don't know if this is relevant, but I thought it might be.  His marriage to Shahnaz
Thanks for the tip. I've never done that. But what is the difference between 'Edit Summary' and 'Edit Comment' box?
"   Request for arbitration/Wikipedia:Requests_for_arbitration/West_Coast_Railway_Museum_Society   The Wikipedia
Please stop your disruptive editing. If you continue to vandalize Wikipedia, }} you will be blocked from editing.  ~Rushtons(Pardon my english
"  I have a question about the 'N' designation.  In the list of ""Air National Guard aircraft"", it has the KC-10
I have reverted the edits that add this speculation as fact without a source, and also reverted the deletion of my explanation as to why this is not appropriate Wikipedia practice
"  The article ""Brahmavartika"" does not seem to exist. I think it was meant to be Brahmasaptati.
"   I've just had a look around and it's clear that this page really is ""a stub.""  I can't see how
"   Requesting a new account   ""I would like to request a new account, as I feel  is being blocked for good reason, and I have not
"  The article says: ""It is also possible for a company to issue bonds which are secured by a special purpose entity, such as a limited liability
"  I just reverted your recent changes without explanation.  It seems like the original author used the word ""faggot"" to make a point
This is not a forum. If you continue to post material irrelevant to the article, your contributions may be reverted (as they have been). I am also re
"  This is not a forum, this is an edit-warring warning.  If you continue to post nonsense to pages, you will be blocked from
"  This is an article in English about an English person; there's no particular reason to have it in any other language than English. ""W
"  You don't need to explain it to me, I've just got another WP:IMPOOSE.  You can't use the
I would also point out that you've been the only person to weigh in on the side of keeping.  I'd say that alone would make me inclined to
"  You've already made your feelings clear on this subject. If you are going to continue to revert me without explanation, you will have to justify it
"  I can understand how you're upset, but the article was just a mess and the ""c"" grade is deserved. The other editor is
" I would suggest you stop making ridiculous accusations and learn to edit.  If you want to be helpful, there is always the ""edit summary"" option
You're welcome.  Happy to help.  I'll add some more to it later.  I'm curious how many times he's been arrested
It would be nice to add some information about this in here, since it was a major factor in his later isolationism. But the only source is a single letter,
"   Please stop vandalising Wikipedia articles. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.    "The Editors of Wikipedia" (
"  You can add it to the List of twin cities in China. –T•C "Ask me about it" "Contri
The article was previously in a very bad state and has now been substantially improved. If you wish to work on the article further, please do so and then resubmit
I've been trying to make the section more neutral to the actual reasons the city was founded (i.e. that the river was navigable, which was
I am going to try and be less active on WP and more focused on real life (I've had too many run-ins with the SJW crowd on
"  Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to The Rolling Stones. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from
I have just reverted the recent change which removed the link, as the reason given was not valid. The band are a notable subject, and the link was there for
" """"The first three letters of the four names are the same as the first three letters of the city they represent."" They are also the first
"  The ""Brahmanical"" caste system, like most other caste systems in the world, is actually a fusion of a nomadic warrior class
" I don't think that the term ""Gigantohop"" is very well-chosen. The original ""Gigantoha
"   Please stop adding nonsense to Wikipedia.  It is considered vandalism.  If you want to experiment, use the sandbox.  Thank you.   "T
- "  I'm not sure why you say that it's ""unambiguous"" that they're the same. They're
", 22 October 2008 (UTC)  I have to agree with you on this one. I have tried a couple times to find any source
"  This article has been nominated for deletion for the following reason(s):  ""The title of this article is misleading. It seems to suggest that
" I've made some changes to the article. It may be worth another look by you if you've got the time. Cheers,  (talk
"   ""The idea is that a user who sees an edit summary which contains nothing but dates and a link to the diff in question will have the confidence to simply
Please do not add nonsense to Wikipedia.  It is considered vandalism.  If you would like to experiment, use the sandbox. A link to the editing rules is
(09:52) I've been meaning to do the same thing with some of them. I'm also looking for some of the other articles mentioned on
"   ""It has become apparent to all that the only person who is truly concerned with the deletion of the article is you.""  I am not the only
I have added the missing season for the TV series The Dead Zone (1989). -  05:02, 25 Oct 2004 (
" I have now added a few lines about this. (I had to do this using the ""Edit"" button, because ""Edit this page
"   Re: The ""Bubble"" article   Thanks for catching it!  I had a hard time figuring out what was wrong with it.
"  I was going to say that ""Aryanem Vaejo""" is the same person, but you beat me to it.   "The
|listas = Nicolai Petrovich Nekrich]] (1942-) |sborn. = 1942, Kiev |
I'm sorry but I don't believe that you are trying to help. You seem to be doing nothing but making threats and accusations, and have yet to show
"  Please do not add unsourced or original content. Doing so violates Wikipedia's policy on original research. If you continue doing so, you will be
" This article is about the ""official"", government-recognised name. In what sense is it ""unofficial""?
"  I agree. There is no need to have the ""Official"" length and time. The article should just list the original and new release dates
I am sorry but this is not the place for you to discuss this. If you continue with the disruptive editing, you may be blocked. - Regards. ~
This is my third message to user:Dabu. Please stop making personal attacks. You have made multiple such attacks already. If you want to dispute something I have
It may or may not be worth mentioning in the article, but the source you provide states there was a 6 month long battle. The 3 day war article says
I'm with. I'm not a big fan of that sentence either but the current wording doesn't seem to be particularly biased towards one view over the
"   24x24 Multi-purpose box header photo   Hi, I think this photo (from the 24x24 Multi-purpose box header
Please stop your disruptive editing. If you continue to vandalise Wikipedia,  you will be blocked from editing.  If this is a shared IP address, and you didn
"   Please do not add nonsense to Wikipedia. It is considered vandalism. If you would like to experiment, use the sandbox. Thank you.  A link to
" Well, the other admins don't know much about 'the rules' - just follow your heart.  If you think it is OK,
"  You have made 1,041 changes to the article The Twilight Zone (1959 TV series) since October 2005. Please desist
. The article was started without discussion or consensus. The discussion is ongoing and there is no consensus. You are attempting to silence the people who disagree with you and you
Please provide something substantial, as you did the last time. If the article is to be trimmed, then I suggest that it should be trimmed at the bottom, since that
"  Well, that settles it then; you've made up your mind and you're going to ignore the consensus. Just let me know when you
, as it should be. -Tim (aka:TMSmith) 01:02, 26 Apr 2005 (UTC)
"  This page should not be merged into ""Municipal corporation"". The city is not a corporation. "Municipal corporation" is a legal
" The fact remains that the ""original research"" charges are still being made with no justification.  The person making the accusations continues to add no sources to
"   You may need to create an account in order to edit.  Welcome to Wikipedia! Hello, and welcome to Wikipedia! Thank you for your contributions
":::It is not an ""opinion"" to know that ""G-Unit Records"" is a subsidiary of ""Sony Music Entertainment"".
" I don't know the details of how the process for renaming a user account works, but it would need to go to another user's page
"   Re: ""The word [Gaya] appears in Sanskrit texts as Gāmī or Gamī""  This is true but the
Please stop adding nonsense to Wikipedia. It is considered vandalism. If you want to experiment, please use the sandbox. Thank you.   — tane • ¡
"  I think it should be kept the way it is. It's more important to get this info into the ""Main"" rather than the
":::You're missing the point, you're both trying to justify why you want to revert to the old version, without providing any explanation as to
"  I would say you are a ""conservacrat"" or something like that but that term is used by people like.  I think
"I'm with you on this, the article does need a little work though. I'll have a look later. The ""official"" name is
"  ""You cannot find anything in the Talk: section which I wrote which you would describe as ""advocating"".""  I have no such
"   3RR   On 26 December, you initiated a 3RR on this userpage. This was followed by another editor restoring the edits made
"   The above comment on the article ""The Great American (Race) Debate""  was added to Wikipedia by the anonymous editor or group of editors who
"  You are wrong.  You have not been ""dismissed"" you have failed to follow the correct processes and you have attempted to remove the
"   Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Talk:Macedonian people. If you continue to do so, you will be
"   Please stop your disruptive editing. If you continue to vandalize Wikipedia, you will be blocked from editing.  ''''''  Let's talk about
|listas = Nicolai, Bruno and Mareschal, Jean-Claude. La France et le désarmement: Les crises internationales entre les
"   ""Macedonian""  The term is used both by Bulgarians and Greeks.  In fact, it was used by Greeks in the
, 4 September 2007 (UTC) I am sorry that the image was deleted. It really is a great picture, and I was just wondering
You know what?
"  It is clear from your recent edits that it's you who is trying to make this article more like a blog and you are repeatedly removing neutral points
The above discussion is preserved as an archive of the proposal. Please do not modify it. Subsequent comments should be made in a new section on this talk page. No
I've just added that, thanks - it's a shame there isn't more information on him. It would be worth getting an interview for the Port
"   Please stop. If you continue to vandalise Wikipedia as you have, you will be blocked from editing.    If this is a shared IP address,
...and a personal attack, to boot. I did my research, I was correct, and yet I am attacked with personal insults. What is this, kindergarten?
"   Please explain your reasoning here: Talk:List of school shootings in the United States (← moved to Talk:List of school shootings in the United
(1) I don't see how a table - with columns for (a) who, (b) what, (c) when
You seem to be confused, this is a talk page, where comments are made about the article on the main page (I am not editing the article, I am
Please stop making personal attacks, your recent comments on my talk page were unconstructive.  I have been making constructive edits to Wikipedia for over 4 years, I have
I've done a first round of fixes. I also made the table cell alignments consistent and fixed some typos and other minor problems. I'll take a
I can't stop laughing...  I can't stop laughing about this. You are a great guy! ) -Cheers!  22:
The (apparent) lack of a reference to support this claim may be because no one has ever written an article on the subject.  It seems to me that
"  I've also made a few other edits to the article, which I think are for the better.  My goal is to make it the best
"  No problem, I just figured out how. I will just do it from now on if the person is ""vandalizing"". Thanks for
I've also been blocked for apparently 'vandalising' the page by adding the term into a legitimate discussion and then being accused of adding it as a joke
"  I'm not sure about that; it is quite different.  The article on ""Grief"" has 11,000 words but
"  Thanks for the heads-up, I have reverted the edit. — lx { } "Talk" "Contri
I have also added the link to the article on the List of Prime Ministers of Pakistan. This article was on the tentative list for a while, but I had forgotten to
"I just saw that you've been on AN for a while. How does one get a ""master editor"" tag next to their name?
This has been a very educational experience for me on Wikipedia.  I think you're very smart, very well-informed, and you know the rules better than I
"   Please do not add nonsense to Wikipedia. It is considered vandalism. If you would like to experiment, use the sandbox. Thank you. ''' (
"  Thanks for looking into this. I have been reverted, but I have explained that this article has already been through AfD or it would not be
The article The Beatles contains your recent revert. You are welcome to contribute your ideas to the article, but please do not delete this message.  If you are unsure
"  I think the best thing to do is to add a short section under ""Criticism"" (which is a stub right now) and then
"  I think the ""Macedonia"" issue is resolved, and the article needs to reflect this.  We know who Alexander the Greek was,
":I agree. I'm not ""attacking"" anyone (I'm sorry for my choice of words) and I'm not vandalising
"   1.7 million hits on Google  This article is the first result on Google for the search term ""Kanye West Awards"". I
I am currently blocked from editing for reasons that I do not understand. I would like to be unblocked.  I am a new user and made a mistake but I
Thanks, I'm new to Wikidata but not new to DBpedia.  I'll try to keep my mistakes to a minimum.  ) Cheers
"  Hi again, I am going to leave you alone after you have agreed to not revert my edits without consensus. I am going to ask you to leave
The above is what you should have put in the edit summary, because you were removing information. You did not need to remove the entire section as you originally did. You
You're not a very nice person, are you?
"  I've never really had much contact with the ""old wiki.""  I know that there is one, but I don't know
"   Thanks for experimenting with  Wikipedia. Your test worked, and has been reverted or removed. Please use the sandbox for any other tests you'd like
I don't care if you block, I will make a new account, but don't delete the account of my friend! I will contact to FBI and you
"   Please stop your disruptive editing. If you continue to vandalize Wikipedia,  you will be blocked from editing.  A link to the edit you think is
I will do it later, just got in the door.  Have you read this?
"   Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Saint Paul's School (Brookland). If you continue to do so,
2015-09-29, 16:51 (UTC)  It's not a problem with any other page, only with the one I
Please stop your disruptive editing. If you persist in vandalizing articles,  you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.     (talk•contribs)   This
Please post your question.  / (talk) (contrib) 18:58, 26 March 2009 (UTC)  Hi
"  The article needs a new lead image.  The existing image has been used for almost a year.  A new image will give the article a fresh
"  You know, the fact that you've been called an administrator ""for 5 years and 7 months"" and still have no idea what
I'm sorry.  English is my first language and I'm just confused with the policies.  I did not know you needed a WP username to edit Wikipedia
(i.e. what's actually been published). I've also clarified that it's 'alleged to have been written by' the
"   Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Ganesha. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing
"   I think the article is better with your changes, and I'm not sure that any of the ""new"" sources cited are needed for it.
"  I'm sorry, I'm a bit confused with the section. I'm saying that it should only be mentioned once in the entire article
"  Well, I am not an ""administrator"" or a ""bureaucrat"" - just a normal, ordinary user like you
"   2003 (UTC)  I think the ""B"" is a typo, but I don't have the issue, so I
I have been trying to find a better image but the article is already speedy deleted so it's not really important. (i think) I'm not
" You are absolutely right of course, and I should've checked better. I have reverted it for now. It should definitely be mentioned later though,
. It's a pity, but the reality is that Wikipedia is no longer a source of pride for me. I've lost so much time and energy trying
"  You are welcome and good luck with your studies!  ''''''  Let's talk about it! " " (talk)
. -  The 'bias' section is written by someone who is a self-confessed fan of the subject and is therefore not exactly impartial
I am going to put in my two cents here as an uninvolved admin and a lawyer.  The article currently says that his wife was killed in a hit and
"  No, I'm not going to stop. You've already tried to have me indefinitely blocked with no real explanation of what I've done
"I was just about to request admin intervention. I think this user - """" ("" "") """" (also edits as
"  No one ""called"" him an American; that was your own insinuation. I reverted it.  "The Great Firewall of China
I agree that the sentence as written is POV. I think the Nairalounge page and the Wikipedia page are the sources that can be used.  The other articles
"  Thanks, I'm glad to see that you and  were able to come to a consensus.  I'll try to be more careful with
"  It is an article on the Internet.  There is no magazine, no copyright, so it is ""Fair Use.""  The rules are
. I was thinking of the other day when I was trying to find the name of this guy who had been the leader of the KKK in the early 90
You have my attention I've replied to your comment at my talk page.  18:41, 25 Feb 2005 (UTC)
"  You can't ""own"" something which is freely licensed.  In any case, it appears to be a typo; the correct URL is
(UTC)  I was about to revert the edit, but noticed that you were already doing it. I have nothing to add. This is why it'
. The original article was started by a sockpuppet, and then further edited by the original author. The original author was blocked by another editor for refusing to
You're welcome. ) - Regards, -  (Contact me,Contribs) 01:57, 30 Mar 2005
"   Please stop your disruptive editing. If your vandalism continues, you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.  —'''''' (Talk) "The
I have made the changes you suggested. Please have a look and give your opinion. I have also added a few references in this regard. I have also added the reference
This IP is used by an institution in South Korea This IP is used by an organization called Korea Research Institute. The IP is located in Seoul city. The organisation'
You are very welcome. I would like to thank you for your efforts in getting the category sorted. I had been looking at that for a long time and never had the
"  I think the article title and the lede ""the world’s greatest living artist"" are POV, and lead to arguments about what is notable
REDIRECT Talk:Sikkim mountain vole (Galeopithecus wollei) Edit This talk page has been moved to Talk:
I have been asked to help with the article (specifically the section on the 'B' variants) by User:Bodladdwr. I am
"I'd be surprised to find out that any ""real""  editor is going to spend their valuable time on Wikipedia trying to defend a POV.
I have a feeling you are going to get a lot of comments from irate fans of the film... I'd be very careful to read them, some of them
I've never used the template myself, and I have no idea what's wrong with the template itself. I think the problem is that some of those pages have
"  Well, if you'd actually done anything to help improve the article, I might have considered your suggestion. As it is, you're not
" No worries, I've already been 'punished'.  There's a reason the (very few) editors I interact with are
", 26 February 2007 (UTC)  I was wondering how you were able to make a table of ""homicide victims of the
"   Please do not add nonsense to Wikipedia. It is considered vandalism. If you would like to experiment, use the sandbox. Thank you.    You posted
"  I think you should take the time to review the [WP:NPA] and understand that what you're doing isn't quite the
REDIRECT Talk:A Passage in the Woods (film) (after a cleanup) ]   I have no idea about the film A Passage at
, 28 November 2009 (UTC)  Yes, I am a novice, a 3 month newbie and I made a lot of mistakes.
"   3RR   You have now made three identical edits to the same page within three seconds of each other (see here and here). Wikipedia has
You are welcome.  Please sign your posts on talk pages with four tildes (~~~~), which will insert your IP address and the date.  This may
"  Thanks for experimenting with  Wikipedia. Your test worked, and has been reverted or removed. Please use the sandbox for any other tests you may like
" It seems you've never been blocked before.  You may want to take this time to familiarize yourself with Wikipedia's policies and guidelines.  You
"  I would also like to point out that the article states that ""the game has been criticized for its lack of innovation and its difficulty."" Well
This page is currently unde construction. References will be added shortly.  Please do not remove this notice, or remove the page from Wikipedia:Pages needing attention, as
Thanks for getting back to me. I've responded here.  I'd like to add that I do think the term has a certain amount of currency in scholarly
"  I have added ""Grammy Award"" to the infobox - as it was previously mentioned in the article.  But, I
I've been meaning to add something, I have the sources just need some time to look over them again. -|t 20:41, 28
"   Please do not add nonsense to Wikipedia. It is considered vandalism. If you would like to experiment, use the sandbox. Thank you.  "T+
"  I don't have a Facebook or Myspace account and so am unable to see the pictures you are speaking of. Could you tell me more about
"  No need to add anything. The only thing missing was the category, and you've already added that. I'll put a template on the
Please stop. If you continue to vandalize pages, }} you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.  ~Gwen 07:52, 26 Apr
I think we all agree that the (current) name for the town of Békéscsabla should be left at the town of Béke
"  I don't know if the information below is relevent, but it might help with any future disputes. From Wikipedia:Neutral point of view
I can see that, I just think it should stay as there are other things that are similar and the other articles don't have a section on them, so the
, 1 October 2011 (UTC)  Well I was referring to the fact he called for the banning of a user for 6 months for
"   Please stop. If you continue to vandalize Wikipedia,  you will be blocked from editing.  '''Talk''' (Contribs) "
"   A barnstar for you!     Where There's Smoke (The Evidence) Barnstar Thank you for your recent comments on my talk page.
"   A barnstar for you!     The Wiki Barnstar You've done it again!  You continue to amaze me with your dedication to creating new
"::: ""In 1990, the UN adopted a proclamation that called the 20th of September the International Ozone Day"".  Source
"   ""The ""official"" name is what the government of the time named it, and they named it ""New Zealand"", which is, incidentally
. - (talk) 16:54, 21 January 2014 (UTC)  I've added a few points to the
"   Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Saint George's School, Ta' Xbiex. If you continue to do
"  Please see WP:VANDAL. If you continue to vandalize Wikipedia,  you may be blocked from editing.   (Talk) "
"   Requested Move   As an editor who has been involved with this article for the better part of a year I agree that the title should be changed.
", 6 September 2010 (UTC) I'm going to have to re-add it.  This is a major issue and there'
"  You say ""I am a Jew"".  Are you a practicing Jew?
"   2001 Ashura protests section   The article is titled, ""2001 Ashura protests in Iran"", and yet there are no mentions of
I have been blocked from editing for no reason given, so I will have to ask another administrator to review this situation.  It appears to me that an administrator who has
"   Requested move   Hi. I moved the page ""Pulau Ubin"" to ""Pulau Ubin, Singapore"" as
"  The ""N"" you keep putting on my talk page means ""new"", yet you keep removing my edits which are not ""new""
" The only reason I reverted it was because someone else was removing citations for no reason, as I explained above. I reverted it back to that version
"   Please be more careful in what you edit, as you did with this edit to List of tallest buildings in Hong Kong. If you continue vandalizing, you
"  I've been watching this article for a while now, and am surprised at the heavy handed manner with which it has been treated.  It is
"  The point of Wikipedia is to write articles about things so that everybody can benefit from them free of charge, with no barrier to entry or subscription.
"  I have been working on that article a little, and I will try to do more.  The problem is, there is not very much English-
I'm not sure. I'm not seeing a problem at the moment but I can have a look later.  (talk) 16:55,
"   19. Jasenovac  I just read the article and it looks fine to me.  The only comment that I have is that the
.  This user,, seems to be in the business of removing content that he disagrees with. He's made a mess of the article on
"  It seems like you don't want to discuss this, so I have no choice but to tag it with ""abusive use of multiple Wikipedia
" I was wondering if you might add something to the ""controversies"" section. I can't find much on the internet about this, but
"  This is what I mean by ""consistently"", which I think you're trying to avoid. You don't want there to be
"  I was about to add an afterword to the section dealing with the ""Fringe"" episode. However, I have a few questions. I
Please read the above referenced articles and respond.  You have not made any attempt to show that my edits were inaccurate or inappropriate.  Instead you have chosen to attack me
REDIRECT Talk:Bubblegum pop (album)|FringeGuru:Guru for Life]] 21:55, 22 August 200
You have not answered my question: Do you think that there is a reasonable expectation of privacy on an open, publicly accessible web page?
"   A cup of coffee for you!     Get me a coffee, I'm going to write an article about this user for a long time!
It's not that the article is biased, it's that it includes original research (OR) and the references do not back up the assertions made in the
"  I was going to do that later today.  But since you asked, I would say this:  I have already said that I'm willing
"  I have also provided an explanation as to why it isn't. The ""contested deletion"" template isn't for works no longer under
"  Hi,  I have reverted the above edit because it seems to be an attempt at a ""take that"" edit, as well as
" I'm sorry, I didn't mean to accuse you of anything. I'm simply saying ""hey, watch your step, there are
"I am currently blocked from editing, but I am doing this in the hope that you will respond and prevent further abuse.   (chat • contribs
"  ""The only one""?
|listas = Nicolai, Bruno (2008). The Social Democratic Left and the Rise of Labour in Europe, 1870-1914.
I have also added the source for the 2.6 million figure. (I have no idea if that is the correct figure.) I don't want to
This is a shared IP. The IP address of the computer from which this comment was made is owned by the University of California at Berkeley. The computer was probably owned by
"  Well then - I guess your argument would be that the article ""Bodhisattvas"" should not be a redirect to this page.
"   A barnstar for you!     The Citation Barnstar I present to you this fine day because...well...you know why...  "The
"  The ""Macedonia"" issue  I'm sorry, but the current title is a total misnomer. The Republic of Macedonia
"  I have added the missing information, I just needed your permission to do so. It's also possible (though not likely) that there might
"   I think you're right about this one,. The article does mention that some linguists are sceptical about whether Sanskrit is related to other languages
You know, I had a feeling you were just a troll trying to start trouble, but I had to check anyway. The name is not offensive to anyone. It is
This is a very useful article for someone who knows nothing about the topic as well as someone familiar with the topic.  However, it is not a good reference for people
", as you're doing now with the ""controversy"" article, which is fine since I can just undo your edits. I'm just pointing
Hi there, I just added that sentence, and it was my first edit! Thanks for the tip.  (talk) 23:57, 7 April
"   Please stop trolling. If you continue to blank (or delete portions of) page content, templates or other materials from Wikipedia, you will be blocked from
|disambiguation}} }}. I have no objection to your adding a section on other uses, just so long as it is clearly related to this use
"  It looks to me as though the person who added that section just wanted to add some ""colour""; there is no reference or explanation as to what
"   I think I'm right   I'm right aren't I?
"   Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Ganesha. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing
REDIRECT Talk:List of National Film Awards (India) (Urdu films) »» The article I have created is the correct one
"  I agree, I'll try and see what I can find, but I don't think the article would be better served with more detail on
" I agree, it is a bit too much. But if you think of all the other ""nonsensical"" things on wikipedia, this one
This is the same user that got another editor blocked.  This user needs a serious block.  This is getting out of hand. - Mr X. (
" I don't think there is any ""official"" name for the type of hat she is wearing; it is just called a ""bucket hat
"   I have no idea what you're talking about. I'll ask another admin.  — dler "Talk" "Contribs
"   You have been blocked for vandalism. If you wish to make useful contributions, you are welcome to come back after the block expires.   "You have been
. In the end, it's a very personal choice that only you can make. I hope you can find a way to resolve your feelings of being under attack
It is important to understand that the term 'Islamophobia' is a pejorative label used by Islamic apologists to silence all criticism of Islam. (Islam
, and the article is still full of POV. If you have to change more than half of the article, it isn't a {{Clean up}}.
"  I'm not really sure what to say, except that it was a misunderstanding and I apologize.   ''''''  Let's talk about
REDIRECT Talk:The Rocko's Modern Life WikiProject]]) and I am glad to see that your interest in editing at least a few more articles.
"  The ""biblical"" story of Joseph as told in Exodus was created at least 700 years after his alleged time. There is no reason to
I've been meaning to do that for a while. I've had some problems with the formatting in the past, though, as the list seems to be a
"  ""The problem here is that you think Wikipedia should not have rules at all.""? You think Wikipedia should just be a playground where you can do what you
. In my view it is a perfectly valid topic on WP. (And I'd certainly be surprised if it were removed as AfD'd.)
" I can see that you have a problem in accepting that the English Wikipedia has an 'English' language policy and that the term ""Cajun
|listas = Nicolai Berndt (1910–1970) Nicolai Berndt (1910–1970)
I'm afraid I can't do that, Davey. My previous experience of (and deep suspicion towards) the Wikipedia community was less than pleasant and I
Thanks   Thanks for reverting the recent vandalism on the article. ) - Regards, 20A00:54:0C:0:20:
The only thing that has been revealed recently is that a certain editor has an obsession with the words 'Islamist' and 'Islamism'.  This is very
"    The reason I did what I did, is because I had already seen this same person do the exact same thing on at least 2 other articles. So
"  I can't say for sure, but I'm guessing he's a sock of one of the editors with the username """".
You've made it clear that you won't listen to other editor's opinions or take their advice, so why should I bother?
"  I have removed a large section of text that was added to the article recently. As this section is largely original and uncited, it does not meet
"  You know, this is all rather silly. The only thing I did was to change the word ""theory"" to italics. I thought
"    A barnstar for you!     The Citation Barnstar I present to you for being awesome and for being a great WP:WEIGHT editor on the
"   Please do not remove important info without good reason. It is considered vandalism. - (Talk to me) "I am a bot, and
"  Thanks so much for the heads up! I was wondering about those edits, I didn't really understand them, but thought best to let others have
" I'm not sure that the ""Powers that Be"" would agree with your assessment of that ""article"".  It has been deleted
"   Please stop adding nonsense to Wikipedia. It is considered vandalism. If you would like to experiment, use the sandbox. Thank you.  " —The
"  I don't think the phrase ""The United States of America has never been at war with Germany..."" really belongs in a lead sentence.
"   24/7   I just removed this line from 24/7: ""24/7 was renewed for a second season on April
"   The above discussion is preserved as an archive of the proposal. Please do not modify it. Subsequent comments should be made in a new section on this talk
"  I'm not sure what to make of it, but the page is currently under ""review"" by another admin.  — lfdder
"  Hi.  You may be right, but I still think it deserves some discussion on the talk page prior to the article being deleted.  It'
"   ""In 1972, the United States government established the U.S. Information Agency and funded it to promote ""accurate, comprehensive, and
You don't know much about the subject, do you?
I will not be blocked from speaking the truth. This article is a lie just like the ones on the other four korean american doctors who are being blocked for speaking
The problem with this is that you are attempting to remove material from this article that has been included in previous articles in this format. As such, you are in breach of
Please stop adding nonsense to Wikipedia.  It is considered vandalism.  If you want to experiment, please use the sandbox.  Thank you.  -Lulu
It would be great if you could help. I have done my first ever edit and I would really like to understand what I did wrong. Could you explain?
"   You have been blocked from editing User:Dilbar Khan for a period of 6 months (AO) for vandalism. If you wish to
"::I would like to point out that there seems to be an awful lot of ""new"" accounts being created, and I'm noticing many of these
"   2,400 or 2,300 square miles?
"  It's a pity that you are unable to engage in polite dialogue, and have to resort to personal attacks. You've also added a lot
", 1 February 2010 (UTC)  The ""official"" website is the best source for most things (although a recent edit made
Please review WP:VANDAL.  — (Talk/Stalk) 21:54, 26 Nov 2004 (UTC) (
"  I am trying to be helpful, I am just trying to help you out with some stuff. It's just that I'm tired of the
The (inferred) meaning of the word in the title is that it is a 'biblical age' - a view which is not shared by all
I'm not a lawyer, but it seems to me that this is not a problem. A user page should not be used to promote a product (or even
"  I've seen that before, and I don't know what it means.  The ""banned"" thing is still there, though
"  You're welcome, and thank you for your work on the article. It is a great improvement over the old version.  I think you
"   18th birthday (CST)  Hey, it's your ""birthday"". Happy birthday. "  P
I've never had the need or desire for an account but I've always appreciated the quality of the articles here so I wanted to say thank you to all of
"  I have made a number of edits to the article, as I felt it is very biased in favour of the BNP and against other political parties,
"   Please do not edit without a reason. Thank you. " (talk) (mail) "  The ""G.A
"  I don't think #2 is necessary, the word is ""hurricane"" and I think that's clear.  #
" I'm not really a fan of WP:MUSICARTIST. It seems very restrictive in some cases. For example, the ""In
"I don't know.  I've just seen a couple of articles recently where ""the N word"" is used as the title.  It
" I'm trying to get the word out.  It's not about me or you or even about them.  It's about the future
"  I have no idea what the hell that is, or what it has to do with this article.  ""The first generation 2-stroke cycle
"   Re: ""The fact that there's no mention of him at all in the English Wikipedia says a lot about the Wikipedia editors' world view."
It appears that the person who added the recent controversial content about the Illuminati and the Bavarian Illuminaten was a sockpuppet of the infamous Illuminatenfuh
You don't understand, do you?
"  This is the first article that I have created so please let me know if there's anything else that I need to do. Thanks. ►
" You know that is the problem, you have an opinion.  You do not understand the purpose of a Biography, which is to tell the story of the
"   Please stop your disruptive editing. If your vandalism continues, you will be blocked from editing Wikipedia.  -'''' (Bloop) "P
" Well, I'd love to know what you think I said that was ""disruptive"".  If it's because you don'
"  No, I don't really see what the problem is.  It's been almost two years since I wrote this article, and the information
Thanks Thanks very much for the note about the vandalism, it was very quick work! ) I'll leave it to you as you've dealt with it
"  The reason I say I ""feel like"" there are other editors is because there is a history of them editing the page. The page says that
Hey you   You're a fucking idiot and you know it. The article clearly has enough references. Go fuck yourself and stop reverting my edits. It is your loss
"  The ""Moslem"" comment was in regard to the statement by ""Gandolfini's wife""; it is not intended as an attack
"  I know you are, but what am I?
I am not going to be intimidated by you or any other administrator! I can make as many accounts as I want and if it gets bad, I can always use proxies! You
"   The ""B"" train   You are an idiot. The B train is a shuttle train that runs between Brooklyn and Manhattan during rush hours. The train does
== you are an evil editor  you know nothing! i know about the kof series more than you! you know nothing about the kof series! so leave me
You are a disgrace to wikipedia. Please quit. Immediately. Your racist, hate filled, inflammatory edits do nothing for the discussion of this article and only harm Wikipedia as a whole.
Hey, you!   Get off our page! I can't believe that the page for a band no one has ever heard of has been protected! What a bunch of
"   Reverted your ""improvements"" to ""The Beatles""  Your vandalism has been reversed. I have no issue with you editing the actual article itself
- I'd rather be a vandal than an arrogant prick like you.  - Talk. - 17:51 27 October 2006
I think I will start a religion called Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster and force EVERYONE to become members!   I also think that I am going to have sex with
"  You have no business reverting other editors' valid, reliable sources without a WP:RS. Please do not do so again.  talk "
fuck off - this is serious. 194.66.11.72  (talk) (contribs) at 13:41, 29 November
Hey you!   You blocked my friend and I for no good reason, so I'm here to tell you that if you ever try anything like that again, I have
fuck you bitch  you are a motherfucking bitch and i will kick your ass if you tell anyone that i am vandalising pages.  i am a vandalising
== "  ""I am a huge supporter of the 2.0 movement, so I am not the problem...""  Then why don't you stop
"  You're an idiot. —Preceding unsigned comment added by 69.143.224.228    You are an idiot. -
fuck off   you are an arse, i did nothing wrong yet you revert my reverts on the kelly slater page  you are just a power hungry wiki prick
I don't need to explain anything to you, you're obviously too stupid to figure things out. I don't need help, and I don't need your
You're too kind. I'd call it the worst decision. - Tim, 26 January, 2010, 11:59 EST  I don
Fuck you   Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you. I'd like to meet you, you fucking pussy who makes me sign in to make a comment on your page
"   Hey!   Hey, you're still alive! Welcome to Wikipedia. The ""consensus"" you talk about doesn't mean anything here
"  I'm trying to get you to understand that it's not ""personal"". It's about the article. You're not helping.
"== Blocked for Vandalism ==  You have been blocked for vandalism. You are not free to make test edits, create pages, or add to any
"   Hey!   Your mom called, she says dinner is ready!!  Oh boy!!  I haven't ate in three days!  YAY!!!!
"  ""I don't care about being blocked - I'm here for the long-haul (like them, you're too slow)."
"  ""He is a very well-liked man""  No he is not! I am a very well-liked man. This guy isn't.
"   I'd rather be an editor here than an administrator  I have been a good admin, and I am an admin on a smaller Wikopedia, but I
"   You're a fucking idiot     The ""contributor"" is a sockpuppet, you fucking idiot. I have said that multiple times,
Hey....   Go eat shit and die!!! =P )!!! =P ) =P )!!!
You're not even trying anymore, are you?
Hey buddy, stop reverting other editor's changes! This is why we can't have nice things! You have now been warned. - (talk •
"   A good editor has to be an administrator   It's obvious that this guy knows his stuff, is a good editor, and is a good role model for
"  The article is now about how many people have died. It doesn't even say how the people died. It doesn't even say if the people died
You are a sad individual and I feel bad for you that all you can do is sit and revert people's edits. You must have a very sad and empty life, and
I think that Wikipedia is run by a bunch of morons.  You are one of them.  You've done absolutely nothing to improve that article.  You have just
I don't care, I hate you and Wikipedia.   I hate this stupid, idiotic site, and I hate you, and I hate that I was born into
FUCK OFF YOU DIRTY BLACK FUCKER! SHITTY NIGGER COCKSUCKING CUNT! GO FUCK YOUR DIRTY BLACK PUSSY AND FUCK
"  I agree. ""Municipal solid waste"" is an oxymoron. Waste should be biodegradable, municipal solid waste is not. I would suggest using
You're a fucking moron   and you have my pity.  You spend your life on wikipedia, you are an encyclopedia of useless trivia, and you think that makes
I'm going to eat you   And shit you out, shoo-woo-oo-woo-oo-woo. )   P.S.: I
Fuck you, you fucking bastard! You are the one who should be on the receiving end of this block! Don't you see that your constant edit warring is causing damage
"  I think the article should be deleted.  It's a ""webpage"" that you click on when you're surfing the net.  What
I'M TELLING YOU I HAVE MENTIONED IT TWICE AND YOU ARE IGNOING ME! WHY ARE YOU TELLING ME TO WRITE AN ARTICLE WHEN
Hey, fuckhead, if you're going to revert my edits without even discussing it on the talk page first, I'll revert yours without discussion too ) 206
you suck it in your ass. and your mom suck it out. and you call it wikipedia.org fuck you bitch. i hate wikipedia.org and i hate you. and
You're an idiot.  You obviously didn't read the article, just looked at the name, and made a knee-jerk reaction.  Shame on YOU.
you stink   of penis breath.  Signed,  Your local high school student.  P.S. You stink.  P.P.S
, the fact remains that you did not produce any such reliable source.  You are also trying to push your very biased and one-sided point of view about the whole matter
FUCK YOUR FILTHY MOTHER WITH YOUR FATHER'S DICK UP HER ASS!   FUCK YOUR FILTHY MOTHER WITH YOUR FATHER'S D
"  Your threats and bullying will not stop me from making legitimate criticism.  You are a bully who uses your admin powers to attack those who oppose you. You
"  You've been temporarily blocked from editing for vandalism. If you wish to make useful contributions, you are welcome to come back after the block expires.  "
You are a fucking asshole.  You are a racist.  You are a self-hating Jew.  You are a self-hating homosexual.  You are a
you are a fucking dick and i dont want you talkin to me again cause i will kick ur arse bitch! F.C.K YOU DAVE! F.
Fuck you   Why don't you fuck off somewhere else and stop reverting my legitimate edits, like this for instance:  The reason I changed it was because it
FUCK YOU. FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU
==  Piss off you evil dwarf  == == I've had enough of you evil dwarf, I have done everything I can to keep the article neutral
You are a fucking bitch   You are a fucking bitch and nobody likes you. You are so fat and ugly that no one will marry you. Go fuck yourself and stop changing
"   You're a fucking idiot   You've been an administrator for how long and still you have no idea what to do. Go read the manual on
"  ""The article is fine the way it is"" - says the self-righteous idiot who reverts any attempt at making the article better. I have no idea
@The Editor  I'll say what I like, where I like. And as for you, you're a bully. Just a little, pathetic,
.  Fuck you! Who do you think that you are?
Fuck you.  You can't delete my comments.  1994  14:41, 30 Apr 2004 (UTC)  You can
"   You ""won"" a RfA?
...   I think this page should have a picture of a huge pile of dog shit.  That pretty much describes the band and the music.  The picture could be
"  You are wrong. I am an editor on the page. It's the page for his solo career. He is credited on the writing of ""K
"   F. O    The consensus on my talk page is my only concern. If you want to add something else to the discussion, I will not reply. I
"  I have been warned before not to post on the 'battlefield' article, and yet I still post there.  I am a vandaliser?
fuck you   go ahead and block me, i'll just make another fucking IP and do it again.  you fucking nerds make it too easy.  f
{{unblock|no reason has given}}.  This guy was just trying to help the Wikipedia out, by trying to help make it better, and he's
You're both fucking insane. - (amortis) (contribs) 02:59, 13 Oct 2004 (UTC)
I will get you first degree murder choo choo CHOOOO!!!!  I will get you first degree murder choo choo CHOOOO!!!!  I will
YOU ARE WAY OFF PRICK   I am in no way a vandal i was merely pointing out that this band has members of a different race, that is all i did,
"  The above is a quote by a Jew.  Jews lie and distort the truth all of the time.  They also ""celebrate
Hey  You have a message on your wall about the article 'Kazakhstan (People) - Please remove that ridiculous section you added. I'm
I don't care. Block me. I was only being sarcastic to another user who said he should have been blocked. I don't give a damn.  And
YOU ARE WAY OFF PRICK AND I HAVE PROOF SO SHUT UP AND FUCK OFF AND SMOOSH YOUR FACES TOGETHER YOU FUCKING COCKSUCKERS
Hey!   You have been block by me for the reason of fuck you! Get the fuck away from me or I will report you! 206.124.4.
"   I don't want to be an editor of Wikipedia anymore   I am an editor of Wikipedia and I think Wikipedia is bullshit. There are no standards and it
"  What the fuck are you talking about?
"   You are a fucking asshole     The page ""Pope Shenouda III"" has been changed (by you) into some stupid article. You are
YOU ARE WAY TO WAY TO WAY TO WAY TO WAY TO WAY TOO WAY TOO WAY TOO WAY TOO WAY TO INCONSISTENT YOU ARE WAY TO WAY TO
I don't give a fuck, asshole!  Now, fuck off! 190.54.10.129  (Talk) (Random)   PISS
This is your final warning. If you continue to add nonsense to Wikipedia, you will be blocked from editing.   (talk)   This person is a vandal.
I hate you   You are the worst wikipedia editor. You are a noob. you are mean. why did you delete my article i worked hard on
==== RE: The above posted by someone with 'admin' privileges.== This person who wrote the above has been warned about their edit warring.  Please
I don't care, I'll be blocked anyways, so go ahead and block me. This is the last time I'll be on wikipedia.  Fuck off
you are a racist   you are a racist and you have been warned. you are a racist and have been warned. you are a racist and have been warned. you are
I'm going to cut your legs off if you delete my RuneScape page again!  Cut off my legs! I don't care! I can'
you suck my donger   Hello. You suck my donger. )   Hello again. You suck my donger again. )   Hello once more
fuck off i dont even know who you are  i hate you  you stalker you fuckin piece of shit i hope you die motherfucker i hope you
"  Your recent edit on 17 December 2006 to the article ""Pity the Nation"" was fucking hilarious, especially the addition ""This song can
I don't believe you are an administrator!  You are a bully.  I know I should be more civil, but fuck off!  70.48.0
You're the one who can't stay within the rules, you vandalized my user page and now you're trying to get me blocked, so I'm just
you are a dickhead   you are a dickhead and you know it, now piss off and do something productive with your time instead of being a wiki dickhead. Get
"  You should be an ass more often.  I love it!  And you're not violating any rules.  I love it!  You just go
I don't believe this is true ( ) so you are a liar and a disgrace to the English language. This is a very serious matter.  98.
I have a huge penis   i have a huge penis i am a giant penis i fuck giant penis every night i am the fucking giant penis this world need a giant penis like
"::""I was just trying to help you out.""  No one asked you to help me out. You had no business editing my talk page and no business editing
==  Hey, you fucking bastard! You're the one who started this edit war! Go fuck yourself, you piece of shit! ==  You fucking
"   A good day to you, sir   I hope you know how much fun it is to fuck with people?
I'm not going to stop vandalising your page. You may not know this, but when I was younger I had a run-in with some paedophiles.
fuck off  if you ever try to delete anything again without talking to me i will bite your head off and shit down ur neck!!!!  so fuck off!  ==
YOU DON'T OWN ME NOTHING! NOTHING! NOTHING!  YOU DON'T OWN ME NOTHING! NOTHING! NOTHING! YOU GONNA BAN ME?
I think I'll just sit back and let this guy be a complete jackass. I've been trying to reason with him but he's just stupid, ignorant,
"  You're an idiot You are clearly an idiot and I'd appreciate it if you'd stop vandalising Wikipedia, thank you.  If you
I think you need to go back to college and learn the difference between fact and opinion. What is your problem?
"   ""I'll try not to shoot you in the face""   I'm not a ""hater"", I'm a rational person, you
Hey buddy I'll block you all I want. If you think that's gonna get rid of me then youre sadly mistaken. I have a few more accounts and will always
.  You are way over the line and you should stop. You're also wasting everyone's time.  You are also clearly mentally ill. Get some
You don't scare us.  You are a sockpuppet, and a sockpuppet puppet.  You think you are so smart, but we know what
==  I AM GOING TO HURT YOU AND YOUR FAMILY IF YOU BLOCK ME!!!  HURT ME HURT ME HURT ME!!!!!!!
I love blow jobs!!!!!!!   I am a big fat slut. I love blow jobs!!!!!!! - (yada yada yada)  I love
I will destroy you   I will destroy your life, I will follow you until you die. I will hunt you down in real life and murder you. You will never escape
You're a racist.  You block black people from editing pages.  You're an asshole.  You block me and call me 'vandal' when I
"  I'LL BE BACK!  F  YOU AND YOUR COLLAB BLOCK! I SHALL RETURN!"  Signed, The Random
I love how this guy says it is a lie, yet he can't show one single piece of evidence that it is a lie. This is a lie is already a fact
"  You are an arrogant fool and a disgrace to Wikipedia.  Your actions have been reported to the Wikipedia Review Board and I urge them to impose the maximum penalty against
YOU ARE WAY OFF BUDDY, I THINK WE CAN ALL TELL YOU ARE WAY OFF... YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW THE FIRST THING ABOUT MUSIC...
you are a fking racist who tries to hide his POV by deleting pov labels. Racists like you deserve no respect. Go fuck yourself and stop editing Wikipedia, because you are
This guy is a real piece of shit.  A liar, a cheat, a thief, and a troll.  The wikipedia community is better off without his kind.  I
"  Well I was referring to the ""bitch/slut"" thing.  I don't give two shits about your ""personal attacks""
(and that includes you, ), I am going to stop editing at wikipedia from today onwards. I will not let the bullies and racists of the wikipedia community get the
fuck off, this is my talk page and i'll say what i wan on it. i'll post what i wan on it. and if you dont like
== You are WRONG about the deletion of the article  It was not  a hoax. I've done this with my school account, and I'm not
FUCK OFF IF YOU DONT KNOW ABOUT THE FUCKING SERIES! 99.226.215.128   MOTHER FUCKER!  YOURE JUST WASTING TIME
I think you're a cunt.  Plain and simple.  I know you are.  You are the cuntiest cunt of cunts.  And I don't
":::You can't do anything about me or my edits, so just fuck off, and stay the fuck off. You don't have to be an admin
"  You're a fucking idiot. ""The band are a psychedelic rock band.""  What the hell does that mean?
"   ""You are not a troll"" - LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL LOL
fuck off and get a life. This person is vandalizing pages and it needs to stop. Get a hobby and stop wasting your pathetic life. Do something instead of pissing your
you suck my dong   Hi, I am a big fat fucker, who likes to play with myself. I would like to have some fun with you. I am looking
YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT THEM AND YOU ARE ACCUSING THEM WITHOUT ANY JUSTICE. YOU ARE JUST AN EGOISTIC PERSON. I KNOW THESE PEOPLE
Fuck You   Go fuck yourself. You support child porn. I hope someone rapes you and leaves you in a ditch somewhere. You piece of fucking shit. 68.
You are a racist   Go fuck yourself, you racist. - Raja Nader Shah's descendant  You are a racist  Go fuck yourself, you
I hate you!!!   You're mean. I want you to go away. Stop editing my User Page. Please?
fuck off (with the warning)  you can't block me, fuck you and your stupid little wiki, good riddance to the fucking morons who make these
Fuck you, block me. I don't care. This is my house. I can do whatever I want. And I have already said everything I wanted to say. I
You are a fucking moron. I've already been blocked because of you. You have NO IDEA of what you're talking about you idiot. The fact is,
"  You're an idiot.  I didn't ""vandalize"" anything.  I made perfectly valid edits.""  And you are
I am the one who should tell you to stop vandalizing my user page because that's what I did, and that's the message you should pay the most attention to
"  Hey, ""Bully"" I see you've been hanging out with this ""MosDef"" person.  Is that the kind of
"  I didn't know ""fuck off cunt"" was considered a personal attack! I was merely suggesting that this cunt move to a site called wikipedia where
"   You know it's true   You are the biggest homo on earth. You are a fucking faggot. I mean, I am not gay,
"::::::::: I think you might want to check your own behaviour and attitude before you go on a rant at others. I made a simple edit, I explained why I made
"  """"You are wrong, but you are also a dick. That's no way to win this argument.""  What?
= "  I think you have something against me. Why did you delete my page. If you think I copied it, then I would like to know who wrote
I love penis   Penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis penis
you are a fuckin loser bitch who is goin to die alone an nobody will care that u killed urself an nobody will come to ur funerall an ur family is
You're a fucking idiot.  You can't block me from editing my user page, you fucking piece of shit.  You have zero right to do that.
"   A cup of tea for you!     Hello mate! I noticed that you are a big rugby league fan. I was wondering if you knew where I could find
fuck off  get a life and stop chaining the history of my edits, i'm sick of this shit.  and stop thinking your the best, cause you
Hey Buddy.   I was going to ask if you wanted to play a game of chess, but I see that you are a nigger and therefore I do not wish to
.  Oh yes... I forgot. You are one of them. My bad. Carry on, my dear friend. I was just stating my opinion. You are free
You are a liar. You've been warned. - Malik Shabazz (talk) 01:41, 13 January 2016 (UTC)
I don't care  Go ahead and block me I don't care cause I will come right back and do the same thing. I am sick of this! I
I'M GOING TO EAT YOU UP AND POO IN YOUR POCKET, MUH-HA-HA-HA-HA!!!  YOU CAN'T STOP
YOU ARE WAY OFF PRICK AND NEED TO FUCK OFF AND STOP CHANGING EVERYTHING I WRITE YOU ARE WAY OFF BUDDY AND I DONT WANNA FUCK
"   You are a dick   You are an asshole.  You are a dick.  You are a twat.  You are all things bad, bad things
I was just trying to be helpful   I was just trying to be helpful!  I did not understand the message.  Sorry.  I will not post again on the
"  No wonder he was blocked. He was trying to stir up trouble with his edit summaries, and when he was blocked, he started attacking the block itself, saying
"  I have not made any ""attacks"" on ""you,"" I have been attacked by you, however.  I've also seen you attack
I am going to eat your toes.  I am going to eat all of your toes.   (And then I am going to eat your toes.)   I am going to
You're a fucking cunt   You're a fucking cunt.  You are a fucking cunt, motherfucker.  I hope you die alone and in a lot
fuck you   go fuck yourself and stop reverting my edits, it's my page and i'll change it if i want, i'll add incest porn if
. I will find where ever you are and kill you. Do you know where I live, I will find you I will find your address and I will find your fucking ip
you suck alot of dick   and smell like fish!  you suck alot of dick  and smell like fish!  you suck alot of dick  and
YOU ARE WAY OFF BUDDY. YOU HAVE NEVER CONTRIBUTED TO THE ARTICLE. SO SHUT THE FUCK UP AND GET A LIFE.  AND I WILL
"  ""The term is still in use"" - and that's the problem, isn't it?
Fuck off! You have no sense of history (or anything else). Go play with someone else (or is it something else). ). (talk)
you are a racist and harraser stop making people's lifes hell or i will report you to wiki and to the real world!!!!!!!!! you are a bully and nobody
You are a rude little boy   you need to grow up! i'm only trying to help you and all you can do is delete things and act all cool, like
@Gwen_Gale  Gwen Gale is a fat piece of shit who thinks she knows everything and is always right. Fuck that bitch.  I know
you're a fag   you are such a fag. you are a nigger. you a are a bitch. you suck my dick.
You know, you're just a big bully.  You're going to get someone else blocked if you don't calm down.  I've done nothing wrong
":::""You"" are not wanted at the ""Britannica""" - so why do you keep reverting me on the Britannica talk page, you
I think I found why this editor is such a huge racist: http://www.newyorkupstate.com/news/2011/05/cny-s
Hey buddy I'm going to eat your toes.  You mad?
"   You're a fucking idiot.   Go back to playing video games. Leave the ""editing"" to the people who have been doing it for years
":::You have my attention, 'cause I'm still waiting for the answer to the question: What's a legitimate reason to delete a page?
"  You call this ""evidence""?
==  The reason for the delay  You might be wondering why it took two months for this to get fixed. It was because I was busy with exams and assignments
== "   You are a racist    If you don't believe me, check the IP of the person who added ""Neapolitan"" to the article.
YOU ARE A JERK!! AND STOP DELETING OTHERS PEOPLES EDITS!!! ANSWER ME ONE THING: WHO ARE YOU THAT TELL ME WHAT
You're a fucking cunt, mate, that's why. And you like to get your cock out to the national papers.  Fat cunt.  (reply)
Hey, I am going to kick you off of wikipedia, you bitch!  I will get someone who is racist and homophobic to back me up!  You're a
I didn't vandalise any page.  I added FACTS to the article.  I don't have to follow wiki guidelines.  Wiki guidelines are guidelines.
"  I was going to suggest that you should stop reverting my ""vandalism"" (as you call it) but then I saw the moronic
You're a fucking moron. I have not added anything to that article, I just want to talk on the talk page. Go fuck yourself now.68.174.
I don't care   Go away. I am a vandal. You are a dick. I have no idea what I am doing. You clearly do. You're
"  I'm sorry if you think ""fuck you"" was uncalled for.  I'm also sorry if you think I should have asked you first
fuck you   get the fuck out of here you cunt, you're on wikipedia far too much, go do something real in life, and leave wiki for the nerds
FUCK YOU!!! YOU WONT STOP ME!!! I WILL CONTINUE TO DELETE THE PAGE AND WILL REVERT EVERY FUCKING CHANGE YOU OR ANY OTHER ADMINS MAKE
I don't give two shits. You guys are all a bunch of self righteous pompous ass clowns. I've done more for the wikipedia community then any of
You're a cunt   Go fuck yourself, cunt. — lfdderich (contribs) 00:57, 23 April 2011
You'll find, that I'm very, very, VERY familiar with Wikipedia. I know where the rules are hidden, I know how things should be done. You don
I'm going to kill you last   I hope you are scared now,  2016 Election candidate Donald Trump supporter. I will find and murder you last before
I am going to kill you, motherfucker!   I am going to find you and I am going to kill you! You better stop editing Wikipedia or I will kill
Hey   What's it like being a gay pedophile?
"  You're not supposed to block for no reason.  I had a good faith reason.  I am not ""blocking"", I am ""checking
Hey buddy, why don't you get off my case, OK?
you suck cock   you are a faggot and no one likes you.  You are a fat gay bastard.  You are a fag.  Stop changing the
"  You are the one who is trying to be cute, and is in fact not making much of any valid arguments for the reason(s) you have stated,
"  ""I am the 3rd Dalai Lama, and my name is (fake name). I have come to this country because the 14th Dalai
You are an incredibly rude and arrogant person. You have no business threatening anyone on this talk page. This is supposed to be a collaborative effort and you want to come in here and
"  You are wrong. This is not ""personal attack"" - this article needs to be corrected. You are not helping in that, but I have no
I was just wondering if you are a complete and total dick.  Answer the question please.  I know you see this.  You are a dick!  Yes or no
" Well you know I can, I just don't want to deal with the drama. You know the drill by now, once they get involved it's a
"   You are a very mean lady  You have no right to block my comments, i was expressing my opinion, and i was very polite about it. You have
YOU ARE WAY OFF BUDDY! GO FIND ANOTHER WAY TO WASTE TIME AND NOT BOTHER OTHERS. YOU ARE WAY OFF BUDDY!
You are WAY OFF PRICK -  I did NOT write ANY of the shit on that page -  I've been blocked since before i even saw it -
This guy is a fucking cunt who deserves to be blocked from editing articles indefinitely. - ( : (contribs) 01:02, July 25
you are very rude.  You are also extremely ignorant.  You don't know anything about the topic, yet you insist on deleting the section and calling it SPAM.
You know nothing, Jon Snow.  I have had my account since 2003, which predates the creation of the wikiproject, and your account is newer than
"  What a crock!  There's no reason to remove the section, unless you don't like people speaking out against this horrible ""game"".
"   You're the one who is ""not even trying to talk"".  If you want to talk about something, then make an edit.  - Mr
Fuck off. If I want to be a vandal I will. Get your act together and stop being so soft on the newbies. I was a good editor once and you lot ruined
"  You are a ""cunt"" and a ""cock smoker"". "  This is just the start of the ""personal attack""
Hey  You're a douche.  I didn't edit anything on here, but you're still being a dick for no reason.  You have no reason
- you're a racist, and you know it - that goes for all of your racist buddies, too. Your constant attempts to whitewash your own people's
I'm going to kick you off the planet   And I'm going to kick you off the planet. You're an annoying, self-important prick. I
This guy is just a troll. Please, do not give him attention and do not talk to him. Just ignore him.  I'm not trying to get this guy
"  I don't think that's very fair, I'm a huge fan of 'N Sync! I'm sorry! You're just
.  You are an arrogant, stupid asshole. You have a persecution complex and I'm sure you're an awful person in real life. I'll be
This person has no business being on wikipedia.   They have been reverted and corrected over 20 pages now.  They are a vandal and should not be allowed to continue
" ""The term ""fringe"" is being misused here, because it is being used in a pejorative sense, as if to say, ""
"  You're the one who is being unreasonable now. You want an entire article based on your own views of how you think it should be. I've
"  You don't need to talk to me like that. I will block you if you do not leave me alone. You are not helping. You are not
"   ""The only people who are going to read this sentence""   Ha ha. You know nothing. I am a Wikipedian of note. I have been
"  What a load of crap ""The 2001 census reported that 98.1% of the population declared themselves to be of Irish ethnicity, the highest
I didn't, you retard. I'm not going to waste time with you.  Fatuorum has made it clear that I am not wanted here, and I
"  I've got to say, I'd rather get a ""you're blocked"" message than the crap on my talk page.  You'
"  You don't know much about me and my past, so shut up. "You're the guy who thinks the ""Gull"" is
":::The ""biblical"" account is clearly not ""neutral"". The account in the biblical book is from the perspective of a group of people (
"   A message about your recent revert  If you think that Wikipedia is a ""shit hole"" and you are ""wasting your time"" then why don
"== A cup of coffee for You! ==  Hi, Wikipedia is not the only site, where you are trying to delete articles on the basis of your personal
"  Well done on the ""Bomb Calais, not ISIL"" thing, you've clearly got some kind of mental issue.  I think you
" The fact remains that ""Maurizio Ghella"" is in fact a Milan fan and he does not have any ""objective"" reason for wanting
"  The thing is, that article is already a joke and a bad faith article. The author of the article even admits it. The author is just trying to stir
. I am a good editor. Why should I let you vandalise things?
YOU ARE WAY OFF PRICK.YOU NEED TO STICK TO YOUR OWN BLOG AND STOP COMING IN OTHERS TO TELL PEOPLE WHAT TO POST AND TELLING THEM
.  I think we should all go to the guy's house and kick his ass  Who is this guy anyway?
"  The fact that you're a sockpuppet is obvious, as is your ""ignorance"" (I'm not sure what you
== Blocked as a sockpuppet == == Blocked as a sockpuppet ==  You are a sockpuppet of  and you
you are both wrong, I'm not going to stop because of you two, I am going to talk about this at a higher level. I will let the people decide who
.  You can't block my IP. I will use any IP I want. I'm the admin of 212.2.2.2 And
you suck my dong and tell me where I'm wrong. (  R : V E : D ) ( :   I know what a
"  You are so wrong!  I have the right to say whatever the fuck I want.  You don't like it?
"  ""A lot of people say they're going to kill themselves.""    So, he's not really notable at all, then?
"  I have a dream. One day, people will stop being so damn self-important that they feel the need to edit Wikipedia, then try to undo other people
You are a fucking cunt   Do you know how long I've been wanting to tell you that?
@MOSERAN  You are a racist who does not allow others the freedom to express their views, which is what you are doing to me. I do not
"   I'm ""trying"" to make it my own.  You are just a bunch of racist ""scum"" trying to hide facts
You're a jerk, I don't see how you think I'm a vandal?
"   """"You"" are a fucking liar   If you say that you are not the person who reverted my edits on the 2-2-2 page
"   You  are a racist  and an anti-Polish  editor with  a political agenda.  You're also an egomaniac who doesn'
"== ""The Great""  Well, are you just going to sit there and take the abuse I and others have given you, or are you going to do
You must be stopped!   You are a stalker and you are a liar. I have done nothing wrong! 194.66.14.222   And you
YOU ARE WAY TOO POWER FOOLED BY THE SOCIALSIST PUPPET MASTERS   YOU ARE WAY TOO POWER FOOLED BY THE SOCIALSIST
You are a racist. Good bye, fucker. 86.39.223.222  21:54, 11 January 2010 (UTC)
Fuck off, you'll never catch me )   You are a very very bad man. I have been on a few websites where people say bad things about you,
. I am not making this up! I've been blocked for no good reason and the only response from admin is to be insulted and threatened. I am NOT an anon
YOU CAN'T STOP ME!!!!  I'LL JUST CHANGE MY USERNAME!  FUCK YOU!  - 68.71.129.41  ~
You are wrong, stupid, and clearly a troll. Go ahead, block me; I don't give a fuck. I'll be sure to laugh at your impotent
Hey, you're the one who started with the personal attacks.  And, I don't even have to go back very far to find it.  You can'
you are a racist   i am going to have you blocked from editing because you are a racist and you edit wikipedia to only have information about european people. i can't
"   Hey!   You're a jerk and a bully!  You are also an anti Israel propagandist!  You have been warned about edit warring
You are an evil troll who enjoys the suffering of others. You should be ashamed of yourself. 194.67.0.14  Greetings from one evil troll to another
Fuck off you cunt   And don't delete my page again. I'll make more in the future.  Ps you are a fuck off cunt. And I
You are a very sad individual. Your life must be very boring and empty. I hope you find some happiness one day, and I am sorry I have been a part of the
"  What the fuck is wrong with you?
"   Hey!   You're a loser - you know you are. Stop editing pages about stuff in which you know nothing, you little kid. You'
I am a Gay pedophile   I have been a practicing gay pedophile for over 30 years now, and I have been involved in numerous lawsuits over this. I even
"  You're the one who's trying to make it an issue, with your ""I'll show you"" attitude. It's just a
I was just defending myself you fucking asshole! Why are you defending the guy who called me a nigger?
" """"""I'm a fucking asshole""""" "  You are an asshole, but I am an asshole 2, an asshole with a badge
You're a fucking prick. 194.72.128.72  Geku66(  Contribs)   Zzz  00:57, June
"  Your message about the ""biblical sources"" is ridiculous and I can't wait to tell the other editors.  The bible is NOT a source for
"   Re: ""You suck."" ==  You suck. You don't understand the purpose or importance of this ""website"". You have
"  I think you should be de-admined. Your behaviour is disgraceful and you abuse your admin powers. You have done nothing to protect the ""
(after I've been blocked) and I am very glad to hear about your mental problems.  You are a sad individual.  I hope you get help soon.
I'm back again   to tell you that you are way off base and that the person that reverted my edits is way off base too!!!  And I'm
This person is clearly a troll. Please do not engage these trollish behaviors, as they will only continue to escalate. If you feel this message has been left in error, please
"  No, you're right, I should have just let it sit there and be wrong.  Stupid me for trying to make this encyclopedia better.  I
I am going to kill you.  I am going to find out where you live. Then I am going to come and kill you.   You are going to die
==  You are a disgrace to the wiki community. You do not contribute anything to it and you're a vandalizer. Get a life and stop vandalizing
==   I'm gonna eat your toes.  I'm gonna eat em! Gonna crunch em good.  I'm gonna bite em,
You are a very sick person who needs psychiatric help (you know, like all those other editors). I don't know why I keep responding to your insane ramblings,
You must be destroyed!   I have seen your acts, evil doer...you must be destroyed! I know that you are a bad person!  You are a
"   """"You're a fucking cunt"""" You are also a """"fucking cunt""", and your mother is a """"fucking
Hey, asshole...  The consensus is to keep the word in.  You have no say so on this one.  You're a dick, so just get lost
"    The ""Bible""   The bible should be put as the ""Holy Scripture"". This is the name it uses in many languages. This way
YOU SUCK!!!!!!!  YOU DIDN;T EVEN READ IT, DID YOU??? ANSWER MY QUESTIONS ABOVE! IF YOU CAN;T READ THOSE,
"== ""The Impossible Advantage."" ==  This page is an advertisement.  It is an ad for the author who is trying to sell a book on
"  """"I will not let anyone stop me from spreading the word. The fact that I am the only one who is trying to make this page better is all the
"  You call this ""censorship""?
(regarding the article Israel Tsur) I hate Israel Tsur I think he is a gay and I think the guy that kept deleting him was a dick.  (
FUCK U BITCH!!!! DEMOLITION DEMOLITION DEMOLITION!!!!!!! BURN BURN BURN U FUCKING CATHOLIC!!!!!!! 68.228.
you are a racist i hate you, you son of a bich! go and fuck your mum! and eat your own shitt! 68.79.64.
You are a cunt   You are a cunt, who thinks she knows it all! Go fuck yourself you evil bitch!!! I will get you de-banned, so watch
"  I have removed this sentence as it does not cite the source (as required by WP:RS) and is not part of the encyclopedic content of the
I love sucking BBC! I am a BBC whore! I am also a pedophile. I will fuck all the little kids! Yaaarh! I am a
"  I have been ""blocked"" for stating the truth. The person in question has been harassing and attacking me on the page of a number of female writers
FUCK YOU!  YOU DELETED MY SHIT, DIDN'T YOU!  DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM!?!?!?!  YOU DELETED
You are too kind to describe what he has done as 'edit warring'. He is a bully with a power complex. This is what he looks like: http://www
Fuck off and get a life, instead of worrying about my every move on Wikipedia. 206.124.0.72   You are the one who is obsessed with me
"   The truth   The only source is me, and I've been telling the truth the whole time.  I didn't vandalize any page, I
I'll give you an argument  I'm the one who's been doing all the work around here (I mean, I even made a category for all
I'm back bitches   And I plan to fuck up this website even more than before. So you all better watch out. You're all fair game too.
"  You are a very very silly boy.  You are making this whole Wikipedia thing way too serious.  Why can't you just ""larp""
YOU CANT STOP ME!   I AM GOING TO KEEP WRITING ARTICLES ABOUT THE GIGGLING GAPAW!!! AND I WON'
I am a huge jerk   And that's the truth!  I'm a jerk!  I act like I'm cool, but I'm really a
you are a jerk who likes to make people feel bad. go fuck yourself.  p.s. i am also 14 and i have a lot more wiki-knowledge
fuck you   ur a fuckin asshole and a fuckin nigger and a fucken cunt bitch ass mother fuckin crack fiend that i hope someone will smack you in
YOU ARE WAY OFF BUDDY, YOU DONT KNOW NOTHING ABOUT HIM YOU ARE WAY OFF BUDDY, YOU DONT KNOW NOTHING ABOUT HIM YOU ARE WAY OFF
, as the page stands is fine, and does not require deletion. - Yes, it is a bit biased, but it's not to the point of being an
FUCK OFF WITH YOUR LITTLE PERSECUTIONS! GO BLOW ON SOME PEDOPHILE CHURCH EXCOMEMINARS, FUCKER!!!
Fuck off if you think I am going to stand for your bullying tactics. I will not tolerate it. Do you think I am going to let some wiki bully tell me what I
you stink shoo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo
I think that I'm gonna have to get some sleep soon, as I have an 8:30 AM class tomorrow and I have some homework to finish as well. I
" You are clearly too stupid to be given access to any user's talk page or edit-protected page or even any article's talk page or edit-protected
This person is a liar! A liar! A liar! A liar! I am not a troll, I don't know who the trolls are! And don't block
I didn't think you were a real person. I am sorry for the mistake. I am not gonna bother you anymore. I will make sure that I will sign the comment
fuck you buddy, that's my friend. I don't have a friend named fagfucker. You know what?
Fuck Off   Your warnings were unwarranted and you have no idea about the circumstances surrounding the issue. I am not going to be harassed by some stupid American. You have
"  ""You have a problem with people with autism?"" I don't, I have a problem with _you_ with autism. Your autism has clouded
Hey   Fuck off and stop being a cunt bitch. 24.224.6.228   And yes I have done you in in the past so what?
You are an evil and power-hungry little bastard with no friends. You are a bully! Go back and vandalise my user page again, you pathetic little coward!
you stink shoo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo
YOU THINK THIS IS ABOUT YOU?
This person is a vandal  This person keeps making changes to the article without a proper discussion. He has been warned before on my talk page, yet he continues to act in
You are so fucking annoying and stupid, i hope you stub your toe everyday until you die. I also hope you get cancer and have to endure months and months of painfull treatment
"   You're a dickhead   You're a dickhead. Why are you deleting my articles without giving me a chance to add sources?
I think the article needs a picture of a fat man falling into a vat of chocolate.  Just to let it be known that that's not an unhealthy thing to eat
YOU'RE A TOUGH GIRL   YOU'RE A TOUGH GIRL AND YOU KNOW IT (DING-DONG)!!  YOU'
"   You're just mad cause you know its true   ""If it weren't for the Jews, blacks would still be slaves. And if it weren't
fuck you and your paki muslim terrorist sympathising censorship!!! wiki don't allow muslims to be criticized! wiki doesn't allow jews to be criticized!!! fuck off
Hey dude, you're a loser  -Signed, a random Wikipedian. 206.124.2.129   You suck my cock, dude. You
Fuck You!!!   Go fuck you self! I didn't do any thing, so why should I be blocked. I am the only person, who was trying to help
I hate you  You are so mean!  Signed:  Your friend.  P.S. Stop being mean. You know it's wrong!
You're an asshole You're an asshole. You don't deserve to breath on the internet. Your contributions are terrible, and you're generally awful. Go
FUCK OFF!!! i am going to beat you up!!!!!!! i have been blocked but i will find out where you live and your facebook page and i will find out where you work
You are a rude, obnoxious bully. I have made legitimate edits and you have done nothing of value other than remove my edits. I will not engage with a troll like you.
"   You're a prick  I think you're a cunt.  And that's all I have to say about that.  Have a nice day
Fuck Wikipedia and the horse it rode in on   Go fuck yourself if you think that I am going to sit here in silence while a bunch of pompous wiki dicks try
Fuck You ==  I am a fucking faggot and a nigger. You will not block me. You may as well close the whole of wikipedia. I will
"  I have removed your edit. Your edit was clearly ""harmful, unsourced, or malicious, or  that violates the Wikipedia guideline and Wikipedia's
I think you missed the point  Why do you think I made the comment I did?
"   ""It wasn't me! It was my Cousin!""   You are an evil, evil person.  You are a bully.  Please stop
You're a pompous arse who knows fuck-all. Get lost, and take that dick-like picture of yours with you. 99.231.223.65
":::I think I found it. ""In order to get the most out of the game, it's best to play the single player mode first to understand
You must have the wrong person. You accuse me of vandalism on a perfectly fine article and expect me to sit around and take it?
"  ""you have been blocked because of your edit in the article ""The Rock (Film)""."" This is a pile of shit. You'
":::""I have a feeling""... ""I suspect""... and ""I think"" are all we can expect from you.  You don't
You're a fucking idiot, and I don't appreciate the personal attacks.  I'll put them back, and I suggest you keep this civil before I report you
This guy is so ignorant. He's a self-proclaimed Wikipedia admin, and doesn't even know basic things. He's like a five-year-old
This user is also a homo.  This user is a homo.  This user is a homo.  This user is a homo.  This user is
Hey! You can't delete my usernametemplate without asking me first.  You know, I was working on it!  You should be ashamed of yourself
I don't like you. You are mean and you smell a little bit like poo poo.  Signed: The Mean Man.  —Preceding unsigned comment added
"  ""The term, which refers to the fact that the majority of the population of India is Hindu, is not ""inflammatory"". It is a fact. Please
Fuck you, I did my 24 and it was spot on so STAY OFF my user pages again, you fucking nerd.  70.49.1.251
I have a message for this asshole:  YOU SUCK MY HORSE DICK, YOU HOMO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Signed: A Gaylord, MI resident
I am going to kill you   You disgust me. You are a cowardly, lying, self-righteous prick who knows nothing about music and has a pathological need for attention
"  This person is very, very, VERY ignorant. I've seen a lot of stupid edits, but this just blows them all out of the water. This
{{subst:prod nonsense}}  you're a cunt.  you don't own wikipidea.  you should fuck off.
I'm sorry that you and your friends can't accept that the FACTS are FACTS and that the FACTS have been stated on that page for quite some time now
I have a giant penis and like to fuck women.   My giant penis is bigger than yours.  Booya bitch! I'm gonna fuck you and your wife
"  What about ""You're an asshole!""?
You must be very lonely   I wonder how many edits you've made to wikipedia.  You must be very lonely.  Goodbye. 68.171
.  The guy does not want to be an administrator because he has to work hard, but because he wants to exert power over others.  And he thinks this makes
Fuck off and stop messaging me. I am not a sock-puppet. Go suck a lemon. (And by the way, I am a girl.) 206
you're a douche   you're a douche.  Stop reverting peoples' comments on the article and leave other people's things alone.  You're
I hate that bitch   She is the worst bitch ever on this planet. That is my personal opinion, and the opinion of many many many people. I mean, she has
, 6 August 2014 (UTC)  What a fucking disgrace - the WP admins are so racist it's unbelievable. This guy is a convicted
"== ""Buchanan"" ==  I'll just leave this here.  ""Buchanan's (1988) The Politics of
Hey   Your the best. You are the only one standing up to him and you are my idol! You are also really hot. I am going to lick your toes if
"  You are a fucking moron.  I did the right thing by notifying WP:AIVIP and letting him handle the situation.  If you had
You're way too stupid to talk to   Hi, I'm back to let you know that you are way too stupid to talk to. Bye. - the
"   Hey, I've got an idea!   How about you shut the fuck up and stop reverting edits?
You're a fucking asshole and I hope you die soon. - 68.171.213.222     P.S. - I'll be watching
You know what?
"  Well I have to ask, what the hell is going on here?
FUCK THIS SITE! GO FUCK YOURSELF! 94.192.72.72   RUCKERMAN'S ALBUM IS THE BEST ALBUM.
you are an asshole   and an asshole is an animal that shits and runs away... and that's what you did... you deleted and ran away...
I am going to kill you, I am going to find you, and I am going to kill you!  I am going to kill you and eat your brains!!  You
"   A message from a ""friend""   Hey,  I've just been made aware of some of the things you've been doing with regards
"  I'm back!  And I plan on being a big dick every step of the way!  And I will be making more pages, that I
, I have no idea why you would think that would be a good idea.  That would be like me asking you for your password to your email account or bank account.
"  I was thinking of you while editing this I hope I'll be unblocked soon -)   "I want to be unblocked. I can behave
Fuck You!   Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! Fuck You! FUCK YOU! I DON'T CARE! FUCK YOU! You Are A Stupid
you're gay   you're gay and you love the dicks. You can put away my revert now, I'm not going to revert after this. Also
"   The Wikipedia Don     The Wikipedia Don Dear Mr. Don, I was wondering if you would care to comment on the fact that you have been using Wikipedia (
I'm going to eat your toes.   See the movie 'The Stuff', that's what you're made of. Toenail jam for days,
"   A cup of coffee for you! You may be a bitch, but I can't help but admire your determination. Cheers! (talk) "
"   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ""You're"" a fucking moron.   "  You know, you
you are both clearly insane. - Alex (1980's material) (contribs) 14:54, October 23, 2005
"  ""I am very sorry that people who are not involved in the dispute are being blocked. "" ( ) You are not ""very sorry""
This guy sucks!  I'm so glad he's been blocked. What a useless idiot this guy is. He knows absolutely zilch about the band. I
"   F  YOU ARE A TOOL AND AN EGO MANIC YOU CONTROL THIS ENTIRE PAGE WITH A BAG FULL OF DICKS YOU CAN
- "  Oh, and you'll probably want to fix the spelling error in the article's title. ""Mullens was named the 200
"  I am going to eat your toes I am going to eat your toes.  I am going to eat your toes.  I am going to eat your
I will kill you   I will kill you, because you are gay and I don't like gays. You have one week to live or else I will hunt you down
I don't like you. You are rude, annoying, and you have a big head. You think you can do whatever you want, and get away with it. You
"   The ""Bully""   You have shown to be a bully with your recent edits to my article. I will ask you nicely, stop reverting the
"  What you call ""civility"" is just an attempt to silence me because you don't like what others are saying. You're part of
{{unblock}} == You are a dickhead and an idiot, so i'm back to ask for you account to be unblocked because your mates can'
"   Re: A cup full of feces   The article is about ""A Cup Full of Shite"" (UK). What the fuck does ""A
"  """"This is not a personal attack but a comment about a user's behavior."""", says user: ""I am not the only one. This user
I'll add a bit more, I am a bit busy at the moment.  — lfdderbyshire (talk) 12:51, 29 July
"  ""I'm a fuckin' editor too.""   You can't edit my comment, fuck you. You're not a fuckin'
You're a cunt   You are a cunt and your actions have caused harm to people. If I find out where you live I will come and cut your face off.
I am very sorry, I will not revert again. You just reverted back without giving a valid reason to revert. If you are not going to be polite and give the valid
"   Re: """"It doesn't matter that you are wrong. I'm not going to apologize or back down. You are wrong and you need to
I am going to shoot myself in the head. I'm bored with wiki and life. Goodbye world!!!!!!! Hello Suicide Club!!!   I love Wikipedia and I don't
"  You are very wrong, as you claim ""There is only one way"" I have made 1 edit to the page, the only reason why you'
"  """"I'm the one who has been around for years and know the rules, while you are a newbie, a sockpuppet, and an idiot
"   A barnstar for you!     The barnstar for being a good Wikipedian! I was wondering what the purpose of the template is if there's
Fuck you   Go fuck yourself. You are a useless piece of shit who doesn't do shit but sit on Wikipedia and revert people's edits. Get a life and
You are a fucking idiot   go kill yourself, nobody wants your dumb gay ass here, and you vandalising my userpage. I was merely correcting some mistakes with the formatting
Hey!   Get off my case, will ya?
"  What are YOU so upset about?
"   ""You are an idiot."", ""I have to go to bed."", ""I have a headache"".   You sound like a 6
"   ""you are not wanted here""   Fuck off!  "you are not wanted here"".  This is a free wiki, and I will add and
Hey, I'll be your friend if you're a girl!  I think women are hot and I want to play with your boobies.  I know you don
"  I don't think you are going far enough with the ""stupid"" label. He's also been described as a ""selfish e
== ""The only way to fight vandalism is to stop it from being deleted""   You and I disagree about the nature of vandalism, but I think this is a
"  This guy is an arrogant fool who thinks because he's been here ""longer than you"" that he knows more than you do and can talk down
I hate you   I hate you.  I really really really really really do!  You are so mean!  You are the meanest person I know
You are an evil, evil person.  You're like the Hitler of Wikipedia.  Wikipedia is lucky that you can't actually kill people.  I hope you go
"  Well, that was stupid.  You just violated WP:HARASSMENT by continuing to stalk and threaten me.  I'll be sure to report
YOU ARE WAY OFF BUDDY! I NEVER DONE ANY OF THAT SHIT! NEVER! YOU ARE WRONG AND YOU ARE GOING TO GET SOMEONE HURT
"  Your recent edits on ""A Passage at Arms"" I don't know how you managed to get such terrible English into Wikipedia, but it's
, you're both liars, and the fact of the matter is that I've done nothing wrong, while you're two have been harassing me for several
YOU CANT STOP ME! ILL JUST KEEP COMING BACK AND KEEP VANDALISING!  YOU CANT BAN ME! IM BACK! BACK
"   I love sucking cock   You like cock?
YOU CAME TO MY PAGE AND CUT MY COMMENT ON WHY I DID WHAT I DID TO ANOTHER USER. I DONT CARE IF YOU CENSOR MY USER PAGE
"   The ""old"" Wikipedia (before 2006)   The old Wikipedia, as everyone knows, was a much better place. The present day Wikipedia
You're an asshole   and you know it.  You are an asshole, and you know it.  You're a jackass, and you love it
You've clearly never had sex with one.  That's a shame.  Because they are AWESOME.  They're like tiny, sexy, pocket vaginas.
I am the one who should be blocking you  You are obviously an idiot, and a racist. You have admitted this to me previously. I don't need you on
Hey   I have a huge dildo that I want you to suck!! WOOOOOOOOOO!!! Oh yeahh!! ;) ;) ;) ;) ;) ;)
You are so wrong it is laughable that you think otherwise. I do hope you are just a troll and that if you are an administrator you are a troll administrator. You have
"  """"The term ""fag"" is also used to refer to a gay man, and is often used pejoratively as an insult, or derogator
"  I was not ""hurting anyone"". I was trying to make a funny edit. You are a "wanker".
I have to agree with this one! - He does sound a little gay... lol. Just look at his picture, he looks like he wants the D. I'll
- "  And this one's a goodie, from """"D"" on June 25, 2009 (UTC):  "
"  ""I've never been blocked and I'm a pretty big jerk."" Yeah, but not a jerk vandal.  You're a jerk vandal.
"  You are the one who is trying to push their POV here.  You are the ones who claim to be ""consensus"".  You are just
I hate you!   you are a mean bully and hater! I hate you! You hurt my feelings with your mean edits. You are not my friend! You make
I am going to eat your toes.   HI BITCH! - Fatty Fat Fat! You smell like toe jam! You look like a homeless man who lost a
"   I'd like a bagel, with cream cheese and smoked salmon.  I'd rather have it toasted, because ""toasted"" is the default
"  I was simply pointing out how absurd it is that this article has an unsourced ""claim"" of ""hundreds of thousands"" when we already know
"  ""you know nothing about editing"" - Says the guy with no idea how to reference, who uses ""source"" as a reference. You also claim I
You're a cunt. A cunt. =) Signed, The Gooner. P.S. - I hope you enjoy that 3 week ban for
You're a fucking moron   Go fuck yourself. Your recent changes have been fucking awful. You just undo other people's work and then re-add the same
"== ""You"" again?
Hey   Go fuck yourself, I'm not the one who is the asshole here. I just try to put my POV across while you are the one who is reverting
"  You really think so?
Fuck off and leave me alone, I don't want your friendship and I don't want anything to do with you. I want you to leave me the hell alone and
"  ""You"" are wrong. The sources are reliable. I am not an alternate account of ""himself, and I don't know how many times I
"   Re: My edits on the ""Paganism"" articles   I've been reading up on Wikipedia for the last few days and I see that you
I don't care, I will fight all of them. Wikipedia is a dictatorship, and it has to die. Long live the revolution. 204.12.10.
I'm going to kill you   I'm going to kill you. Just you wait until I find out who you are. I am going to come to where you
"  You're the only one who is being stupid on this issue. I don't understand why ""The Shooter"" is so important to you,
"  Well fuck u, i am gonna be a fuckin editor and u cannot stop me, i know u blocked the IP but i have many accounts, and i
"   A message to you   Get a life motherfucker. I didn't do anything wrong, I was just trying to make this page better and you'
You're the one who can't stay on topic, so stop trying to pull a false equivalency. You are the only one who started making personal attacks. And if
"  I can't believe this is real.  I thought this was some sort of joke.  You are all truly insane.  This isn't going
"  I know I know I'm a bastard, I'm a scrote, and most of all I'm a cunt. But why are
" You are the one who is not allowed here with the threats and accusations and general bad behaviour.  I have behaved myself and you have not so you've been
You are a racist and a self hating Jew. Get over yourself. It's 2010 and you need to grow up and stop thinking about the past. You are obsessed
I've been blocked by a sock puppet!   Hey Jim,  I've been blocked by a sock puppet for my persistent efforts to make Wikipedia a better place
"  ""The fact that you call me ""dick"" doesn't mean I'm a troll."" - I'm not your fucking ""
Hey you, stop removing my crap from my user page, that's like a war dude, i'll report you! Signed:  Me (obviously
. This is an article about a person and a person's life is their biography which is a description of their life. Not a list. This is not a list article
fuck you, fuck you, and fuck you. - (  ). i've got an encyclopedia article, i can do what i want. fuck off. i'
You are WAY out of line.  This is my talk page and if I wish to talk about myself on it, then I have every RIGHT to do so.  I know
Fuck you, you're the one who started attacking me first. And by the way, you're a fucking loser. Good day, sunshine. - 68.
I am a gay pedophile   i am also a cross dresser who enjoys wearing diapers and sucking my own penis.  i also enjoy sexually molesting young children.
YOU ARE WAY OFF BUDDY...YOU KNOW NOTHING AND I'M SICK OF YOU COMING TO MY PAGE AND TELLING ME I AM WRONG.
, I was not attacking this user. I was merely pointing out the obvious. If you cannot see that, then you are the problem, and I am not going to argue
You are too busy being an asshole, and I am not going to waste my time with you. I am going to go and edit Wikipedia in a helpful manner. You are not
This was done to me by a person named:  This was done by a person named:  -  You are a racist and a bully. You are going to have
"  The only ""vandal"" around here is you... and your ""Boss"" with the ""PHD"" (probably has to do with
I didn't vandalise,I merely added something that is TRUE!  I didn't attack anybody either.  So get a life, and stop being so petty!
"   FU  you have the power to do whatever you want because I don't have the power to do anything about it and if you block me I'
":::I'm not sure what to say... I'm not an active user of the French Wikipedia and I don't have a deep knowledge of its rules
"  You're the rude one that started all of this by making a sarcastic and rude remark on my talkpage.  You also said that you wouldn'
Fuck off and stop bothering me. I have made numerous edits in recent time, and you just undo them without any explanation. I have asked you to stop reverting my edits without
"  What I don't understand is why you people are so obsessed with this guy.  You call him ""Jimbo Wales"" like you know him.
==  You have been blocked from editing for vandalism. If you wish to make useful contributions, you are welcome to come back after the block expires.  - talk
FUCK YOU!  I AM HELPING!    STOP REMOVING MY ADVERTISEMENTS!  YOU ARE DOING MORE DAMAGE THAN GOOD!  FUCK
= "  ""I will not stand for your lies"" ==   You've done it again! Just because I told you to knock off your disruptive edits
You are WAY OFF BUDDY, I have NEVER done anything to you! And you have done plenty to me! So STAY OFF OF MY BLOGS, or
YOU ARE WAY OFF BUDDY. THIS ISN'T ABOUT YOU ANYMORE...YOU ARE NOW IN THE WAY OF THIS USER, AND HIS WARRANTED ED
Hey, I've got a bridge in Brooklyn I want to sell you!  I can give it to you real cheap!  Just make sure you jump off it.
You're a dick   A big one. And a self-important one. Fuck you. - 86.44.203.64  (talk)
I'm a fucking cunt and I love the cunt Wikipedia.  This user is a fucking cunt, he is a good cunt and he loves the cunt wikipedia. All
I'm going to get you fired   You know I can, you know I know people who can and will take you out of here.  So stop reverting my
"   A cup of coffee for you!     Coffee is an amazing thing. It is the lifeblood of the internet. Without coffee we would be lost. I would
