What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way's stellar halo, and how does it constrain the galaxy's gravitational potential and dark matter halo?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf spheroidals and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
What is the total number and galactic distribution of Wolf-Rayet stars and how do their subtypes vary radially, and which models for their evolution are most consistent with observations?
What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way's stellar kinematics, and how does it constrain the galaxy's mass distribution and dark halo properties?
Are the Gaia benchmark stars good representatives of typical FGK stars in the Milky Way and can they be used to validate and calibrate methods that analyze spectroscopic survey data?
What is the complex formation of the halo of our Galaxy and what structures and streams are present beyond 5 kpc from the galactic center?
What is the metallicity effect on the Cepheid Period-Luminosity relation, and can combining samples from the Milky Way, Large Magellanic Cloud, and Small Magellanic Cloud help derive a precise metallicity term?
Can the projected density of dark matter in the solar neighborhood be accurately determined using the kinematics of stars in the Galactic disk and a simple model for the galaxy's potential?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Do the kinematic properties of open clusters correlate with their chemical composition and age, and can they provide insights into the formation and evolution of the Milky Way?
Can the differing technical assumptions in spectrum modelling for spectroscopic analyses of benchmark stars affect the elemental abundance results obtained by different methods?
What is the origin of the extra kinematic space and kinematic anisotropy of stars in the Milky Way bulge that are different from those in the disk?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud (SMC)? Do the properties of the star clusters and the $\alpha$-element abundances in the progenitor halo provide any constraints on the origin of the star clusters in the Galaxy?
What are the scientific goals of the Gaia mission and how does the proposed first data release contribute to achieving these goals?
Can the method presented in this paper accurately identify possible members of globular clusters using data from Gaia DR2?
What are the kinematics and properties of the identified clusters and overdensities in the local stellar halo and can the origin of the kinematic properties of the system be determined?
What is the origin of the metal-rich tail in the Gaia-Enceladus galaxy and what does it tell us about the formation of the Milky Way's thick disk and outer thin disk?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with a specific progenitor dwarf galaxy?
Can the new algorithm called STREAMFINDER detect even ultra-faint stream features lying well below previous detection limits in Galactic stellar surveys containing any combination of positional and kinematic information?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and determine their physical parameters, including metallicity and distance?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Are the kinematic properties of two outer halo globular clusters, M 75 and NGC 2419, consistent with their respective ages and metallicities, and can isotope ratios measured in Gaia DR2 stars provide independent constraints on the chemical evolution of the early universe?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of velocity space that is kinematically incompatible with the rest of the population in the Milky Way globular cluster NGC 288, and how does it relate to the known kinematic anomalies in the overdensity of tail stars, which challenge the standard dynamical model for the cluster?
What is the wave-like structure and dynamics of stars in the solar neighborhood and how does it relate to the distribution of substructures and the properties of the stellar halo?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate variables in the heart of the globular cluster, and constrain the dynamical matter density profile of the cluster?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate a cluster of stars associated with the galaxy center, and constrain the mass of the galaxy and its reddening parameters?
Can the use of extended kinematical maps and the application of the Jeans equation, with corrections for deviations from axisymmetry and equilibrium, accurately determine the rotation curve and mass distribution of the Milky Way, and how do systematic errors affect these measurements?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream associated with NGC 288, and can the chemical composition of this stream provide information on the bimodal metallicity distribution function of the progenitor system?
Can the selection function of a sample drawn from a catalogue in terms of position, magnitude and colour be estimated using a general framework, accounting for correlations and implemented as a new open-source Python package selectionfunctiontoolbox?
What is the main factor driving the formation and evolution of second population stars in Galactic globular clusters, and how does it relate to the cluster mass, escape velocity, and other structural properties?
What is the vertical spatial structure of the Milky Way at the Solar radius, accounting for sample completeness and parallax measurement uncertainty?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can a novel algorithm derive the 3D extinction density of dust in the Milky Way, while maintaining non-negative density and performing inference using Bayesian methods?
Is the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the leading and trailing tidal tails of Open Clusters explained by a simple axisymmetric self-gravity model?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular cluster candidates and determine their physical parameters and origin?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and study the Galactic kinematic structure, including the spiral structure commonly referred to as the \emph{Southern Spiral}, the \emph{Northern Spiral}, the \emph{Northern Stream}, and the \emph{Southern Stream}, and provide a new insight?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations to obtain a more detailed picture of its build-up and understand the bimodality in its metallicity distribution function?
What is the cause of the double-peak structure in the Gaia DR2 parallax distribution function of stars with [Fe/H] $\sim$ -0.3 dex and $\sim$ +0.3 dex, and how can it be explained by a simple model for the distribution function?
What is the relationship between metallicity and Galactocentric distance for open clusters, and can chemo-dynamical models accurately reproduce this relationship and predict the metallicity-radius relation for open clusters?
Is the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic bulge caused by different distributions of $\alpha$-abundances for metal-rich and metal-poor components?
Can the LAMOST Galactic Spectroscopic Survey (DR4) and kernel principal component analysis (KPCA) method accurately estimate the age and mass of red giant branch (RGB) stars in the Galactic disk and bulge, and identify the presence of different populations in the halo?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars?
Do new mid-infrared period-luminosity relations for \rr\ coude stars correlate with previous estimates and allow for a more precise measurement of the metallicity in the Galactic center?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What are the astrophysical parameters, distance, and age estimates of the Kepler-32 system, and what is the nature and origin of the different kinematic signatures observed in the system?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer thick and thin disc populations differ in terms of their heating and kinematics?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and understand the structural and dynamical properties of the Galactic disc?
Can a novel approach using a neural network to infer missing values from a catalogue, combined with a systematic search for empty cells in the Gaia catalogue, detect and provide information on thousands of previously undetected objects, including stellar streams, meteorite strikes and the result of a hypernova explosion?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct orbital properties and chemical characteristics previously claimed to be candidate hyper-velocity stars?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and measure the parameters of open clusters and star clusters that were previously missed by ground-based surveys?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What are the different origins of the metal-rich tail of halo stars that differ in their kinematics and chemical composition, and do intermediate-Mg stars represent a transitional population between in-situ and ex-situ formation?
Do the chemical and kinematic properties of the oldest, metal-poor stars in the bulge of the Galaxy differ from those found in halo stars of the same metallicity, and if so, what are the underlying reasons for this difference?
Does the use of the linelist developed for the Gaia-ESO Survey compared to one based on Arcturus affect the atmospheric parameters and elemental abundances in the open cluster NGC 7789?
What are the chemical and kinematic properties of the Galactic thin and thick disk and how do they vary with distance and metallicity, and what are the factors that influence the formation of the thick disk?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-set of very metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Does the dynamical evolution of rotating globular clusters lead to an increase in internal rotation for more massive stars, as predicted by theoretical studies, and can this predicted rotation-mass trend be observed in the largest and oldest globular cluster, NGC 4079?
Can the method proposed accurately infer the vertical distribution of stars in the Milky Way, taking into account sample selection function and parallax measurement uncertainties?
What are the masses, radii, and luminosities of the component stars in the eclipsing binary E32 and what is the age and helium abundance of the globular cluster 47 Tuc?
What are the physical properties and nature of low-latitude Galactic open clusters and how do they differ from their high-latitude counterparts?
Can the behaviour of the Hercules stream in the Milky Way be explained by a mixture of dominant perturbers with and without brown dwarf seed-stars, and what is the expected fraction of progenitor stars still in the stream?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
What is the detailed analysis of variable stars in NGC 7006 based on CCD photometric time-series, and what is the cluster mean metallicity and distance estimated based on an extended sample of cluster member RRab stars?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars within a certain distance from the Galactic center, and how does its parameters such as the scale length and scale height relate to the observed bimodality and other properties such as age, metallicity, and Na/Mg ratios?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy listed in the Catalog of Galactic Radial Velocities?
What is the origin of the dominant stellar halo component with high metallicity and high orbital anisotropy in the Milky Way, and how is it linked to an ancient head-on collision with a massive dwarf galaxy?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize the kinematically distinct substructures in the Galactic disc previously identified through a spectroscopic analysis of open clusters?
Is the Oosterhoff dichotomy among Galactic globulars caused by the lack of metal-intermediate clusters hosting RRLs?
Can the chemically peculiar and hypervelocity star HVS17 be used to test different theoretical models of stellar evolution for their ability to produce stars with diverse kinematics, and can the HVS17 profile be used to estimate the star's age and distance?
Does the open cluster NGC 2818 host a planetary nebula and can the blue and yellow straggler stars be explained by mass transfer scenarios?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in galaxies over time, taking into account delayed chemical reactions and the depletion of refractory elements, and how can it be validated through comparisons with external datasets?
What is the cause of the kinematic anomalies observed in the outer halo of the Milky Way galaxy, specifically in the region between (l,b)=(6, +50), and can it be explained by the interaction with a massive dwarf galaxy or a massive sub-halo?
Can the Galactic evolution model by Binney & Tremble, adapted for use with Gaia data, be used to accurately derive parameters and luminosities of millions of retrograde stars, including their age and bimodal metallicity distribution?
Can the use of new and more reliable distance and proper motion data from the Tycho-Gaia Astrometric Solution (TGAS) catalogue allow for more precise calculation of the local matter density distribution and gravitational potential in the Solar neighborhood, and is there significant evidence for the presence of dark matter in this region?
Can the new Galaxy model, consisting of a web of interacting sub-halos, explain the observed concentration of stars in the Milky Way and the observed distribution of dark matter?
Does the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the leading and trailing tidal tails of open clusters support the theory of Newtonian gravitation or the Milgromian dynamics (MOND) and can the K\"upper's parameter $\tau$ be determined from the observed distribution of stars in the tails?
What is the origin of the observed kinematic and chemical discontinuity in the thin disc and how does it relate to the known stellar debris candidates?
What is the origin of the low-mass dark matter halo in the Milky Way and can it be formed in-situ by nuclear reactions in stars that fall below a certain mass threshold?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia DR3 catalogue be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, providing evidence for the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, allowing for better understanding of the galaxy's potential and Galactic center properties?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies consistent with them being remnants of a primordial merger event that can be traced back to the highest redshift data available?
Is the postulated Nyx stream a high-velocity component of the Milky Way's thick disk, and not a result of a dwarf galaxy origin?
What is the distribution and classification of variable stars in the metal-rich Galactic globular cluster NGC 6652, and how do they compare to variables in other open clusters, dynamically relaxed dwarf spheroidals, and open and closed systems?
Can a neural network be used to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocities from astrometry in surveys such as Gaia and provide a more comprehensive understanding of the Milky Way's kinematic and chemical properties, even without full phase-space information?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What are the stellar kinematic patterns and structures in the Galactic disc across the age-metallicity and disc R-Z plane, and how do they relate to stellar migration and dynamical effects of spiral arms in the outer disc?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Does the gravitational potential of the Milky Way Galaxy have a core, and can it be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized models for the velocity distribution of stars?
What is the circular velocity curve of the Milky Way and the mass distribution of its baryonic and dark matter components?
Is the co-rotation resonance of the Galactic bar responsible for the origin of super metal-rich stars in the solar neighborhood, and is there evidence of minor merger of a dwarf galaxy or a pre-existing dwarf galaxy by the Milky Way?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct populations of stars, a high-velocity thin disc and a thick disc-like thickened thick disc, and can their kinematics and chemical properties be used to identify and study them further?
What is the origin of the low-mass dwarf stars with kinematic characteristics similar to those of hypervelocity stars and how likely is it that they were ejected from a common progenitor?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the catalogue of known open clusters and identify previously undiscovered objects?
What is the chemical composition and abundance ratios of nearby clusters and how do they compare to those obtained in other large surveys?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-sample of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known carbon and nitrogen sources and sinks?
What is the shape of the Milky Way's dark matter halo and how does it compare to predictions from numerical simulations?
What is the nature of the different populations co-existing in the disk of the Milky Way in terms of their chemical and kinematic properties, and what is the cause of the observed chemical discontinuity and counter-rotating stars?
What is the formation path of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how is it linked to the known merging events that the galaxy has experienced?
What is the dynamical age of the Tucana-Aquila stellar stream and does it reconcile with the previously reported age estimates?
Can the structures on the U-V planes in the solar neighborhood, known as the moving groups, be explained by the spiral arms perturbations and can the model's predictions of the velocity distribution match the distribution provided by Gaia DR2?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal disruption?
What is the wave-like structure of the Galactic potential and how does it relate to the distribution of Open Clusters and other open systems?
Do the chemical and kinematic properties of the oldest and thickest part of the Galactic disk, the so-called Galactic bulge, differ from the rest of the disk and can they be explained by a chemical evolution model tailored for the bulge?
Can the use of a refined method for deriving mass and distance of 47 Tucanae, combined with additional spectroscopic data, provide new insights into the history and evolution of the stellar halo, and can the updated model for the Milky Way halo be used to constrain possible scenarios for the merger that created it?
Can the new Galaxy model, which is a local acceleration-delamination event driven by a massive satellite, explain the observed structural and kinematic features in the Galaxy, including the jitter in the disc, the clumpy stellar populations in the outer disc, and the asymmetric and overdense substructures in the halo?
Do metal-poor stars in the Milky Way bulge show a chemical similarity with halo stars of the same metallicity, and are there any unusual alpha-to-iron ratios present?
Can the OCCASO second data release provide a unique and extensive catalogue of open clusters, allowing for the study of the chemical and dynamical properties of the Galactic disk and the evolution of the triple-alpha process?
Is there a relationship between stellar age, chemistry, and kinematics across a Galactocentric distance, and how does metallicity affect the structures and processes that drive the evolution of the stellar population?
Can the comprehensive catalogue of 386 open clusters, with homogeneous parameter determinations of radial velocity, metallicity, and dynamical properties, allow for tracing the chemical and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
Is the observed misalignment between the debris track and the streaming velocity in the leading arm of the Milky Way Galaxy a result of a stochastic process or due to an external perturbation?
What is the distance to Reticulum located in the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) globular cluster Reticulum and can mid-infrared period-luminosity (PL) relations be used to accurately determine this distance?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
What is the three-dimensional distribution of Galactic dust grains and their properties, including composition, size, and opacities, and what is the grain morphology and evolution in different regions of the Galaxy, and how do the grains affect the extinction and color gradients in the Milky Way plane?
What is the accurate distance to the Galactic center (DC) and how does the choice of input physics at DC affect the resulting value of the scale radius of the Milky Way (R)?
 ### Background: The scale radius of the Milky Way (R) determines the scale length of the Milky Way's gravitational potential and, consequently, the required distance to?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 288, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Do the observed kinematic substructures in the halo of the Milky Way, such as the co-moving group known as the \textit{Monkey Group}, result from a phase-space wave passing through the disk and/or a stochastic process from the assembly of the galaxy, and can they be identified and characterized using future Gaia data releases?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a transient or a persistent feature, and can its vertical motions provide information on the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What are the physical properties and nature of low-latitude open clusters and how do they differ from high-latitude open clusters?
Can a novel approach of consistently populating star particles with stars, tracing the history of star formation in galaxies, be used to construct a catalogue of star particles and link them back to a catalogue of luminous galaxies?
Does the Hercules stream in the Milky Way consist of stars orbiting the Lagrange points of the Galactic bar, as predicted by a particular dynamical model for the Milky Way, and can the chemodynamical tool Gaia-ESO Survey (GES) be used to identify and study this system to further constrain the Galaxy model and provide test-mass for?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What is the distribution and structure of the extra-tidal material surrounding Galactic globular clusters, and how does it vary based on the Galactic potential?
What is the formation path of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how is it linked to the known merging events that the galaxy has experienced?
What are the different dynamical models for the Milky Way that can explain the observed kinematics of its satellites, and which one is the right one for the Galaxy?
Can the accurate spectroscopic and astrometric information of identified member stars of the GD-1 cold stellar stream help in modeling its origin, and placing strong constraints on the mass distribution and gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Are the kinematic properties of two outer halo globular clusters, M 75 and NGC 6397, consistent with their respective ages and metallicities, and can the information content of their systemic proper motions be used to place upper limits on the dark matter halo profile and concentration?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct populations of dwarf galaxies, the high-velocity and high-energy tail of which may be associated with the known tidal stream of debris from the interaction of the Milky Way with a dwarf galaxy named Gaia-Enceladus?
What is the present-day radial metallicity distribution function (MDF) of the Galactic thin disc and how does it support or challenge different growth models for the thick and thin discs?
What is the morphology and kinematics of the Galactic halo, and what are the properties of the satellite galaxies that make up the halo, as revealed by a data-driven study using kinematics and photometric metallicities?
What is the nature of the Galactic spiral structure and its individual components, and how do they relate to the distribution of open clusters, with a special emphasis on the Helmi streams and the HII regions associated with them?
What is the possible mechanism generated in-plane that causes the asymmetric velocity structure in the Galactic disk as observed in azimuthal abundance studies, and can it be explained by the spiral arms, spiral density waves, spiral waves, or spiral instabilities?
What is the nature of the different populations co-existing in the innermost regions of the Milky Way in terms of their chemical and kinematic properties, and what is the cause of the observed chemical discontinuity and counter-rotating stars?
Can the local halo kinematic groups be linked to three specific stellar clouds and can their orbits predict the location of merger debris elsewhere in the galaxy?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
Can a Bayesian framework with flexible priors accurately recover the shape of the Galactic potential from Gaia data, while accounting for systematic errors and uncertainties in the astrometric input?
Does the use of the linelist developed for the Gaia-ESO Survey compared to one based on spectral analyses of open clusters affect the atmospheric parameters and elemental abundances obtained for open clusters in the sample?
What is the origin of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical signature and how do their kinematics and age confirm or challenge different formation scenarios for the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the different kinematic structures observed in the metallicity and kinematics space of the Milky Way globular clusters NGC 288, NGC 362, and NGC 6218, and how do they relate to the known parameters of the clusters, such as mass, metallicity, and age?
What is the complex star formation history of the Upper Scorpius and Ophiuchus star-forming regions and how are the subgroups within the region related in terms of age and origin?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high transverse velocity stars in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
Can the use of additional data from Gaia on tidal streams, such as precise distances and orientations, improve our understanding of the Milky Way's gravitational potential and reduce biases in determining the scale radius and total mass?
What is the nature and origin of the double-peaked metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars, and how can information from Gaia DR3 astrometry and chemical abundances help to constrain the origin of the "low-alpha" and "high-alpha" populations?
What is the origin and properties of the low-latitude globular cluster NGC 288 and how does it relate to the high-latitude globular cluster NGC 288 and the ultra-faint dwarf galaxy Pegasus?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, compared to ground-based surveys?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population in the Milky Way and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event?
Can a catalogue of open clusters be produced to record the chemical and dynamical information carried by stars ejected from different progenitors, and provide a unique and competitive tool to constrain dynamical and chemical models of the Milky Way's disk?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the local stellar halo of the Milky Way, including the high energy retrograde component and the low energy anisotropic component?
What is the total mass of the Milky Way galaxy and how accurate are the different mass estimates?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the distribution and structure of extra-tidal debris around Galactic globular clusters, and how does it depend on various parameters of the clusters and the Galactic potential?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize the kinematically distinct substructures in the tidal stream of the Scorpius stellar stream, and provide evidence for the hierarchical formation of the Milky Way's famous structures?
What is the mass of the Milky Way and its anisotropy using the kinematics of halo globular clusters determined by Gaia?
Can the use of a refined metallicity model, with improved elemental abundances and coefficients of atomic diffusion, in combination with high-resolution spectroscopic and astrometric data, allow for more precise stellar parameters and elemental abundances, and provide a better understanding of the chemodynamical structure of the Milky Way galaxy?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high-velocity stars in the solar neighborhood, and how do they relate to the bimodal metallicity distribution function observed in Gaia DR2?
What is the origin of the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo globular cluster NGC 65 and how does it relate to the observed overdensities in the halo and in the thick disk?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct orbital properties and chemical characteristics previously claimed to be candidate hypervelocity stars?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and overdensities observed in the radial and vertical distributions of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how can their characteristics and properties be interpreted to provide information on the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
Can the Galactic Archaeology Neural Network (GANN) identify accreted stars in galactic discs based on their chemical fingerprint and age using a suite of simulated galaxies?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
What is the spatial dependence of the Galactic thin and thick disc populations and how do they vary in terms of their chemical and kinematic properties?
Can Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What are the absolute magnitude and distance estimates for M13, M55, and NGC 6362 based on new near-IR and optical photometry?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can the VVV survey be used to efficiently identify and parametrize variable sources in Galactic globular clusters and improve our understanding of their physical parameters, such as distance, extinction, and metallicity?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia datasets, and can the resulting scaled parameters and metallicity gradients be used to infer new information about the chemical and dynamical properties of different stellar populations?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while accounting for spatial selection function and uncertainties in position-velocity observations?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates, and constrain the dynamical matter density profile of the Milky Way?
Does the postulated scenario of "inside-out" disk formation, in which the disk was built inside a stellar envelope and then exploded at the center, explain the metallicity distribution function of the solar neighborhood and the small tangential velocities of disk stars observed by Gaia?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
What is the total mass and density profile of the Milky Way and how does it compare to predictions from dark matter and Modified Newtonian dynamics models?
What are the astrophysical parameters, age, distance, and mass of the poorly studied open cluster King 27, and is it a dynamically relaxed cluster?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a unique imprint on the properties of phase-mixed debris streams, specifically for the Helmi streams in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
What is the metallicity gradient of the Galactic disc and is there a possible break in the gradient at a certain Galactocentric radius?
What are the kinematics and chemistry of the Galactic thin and thick disk and how do they vary with distance and metallicity?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the most precise parallax measurements of OB stars acquired from the Gaia EDR3 release be used to map the molecular and interstellar matter distributions, and reveal unexpected features in the interstellar medium of the Milky Way?
What is the total population of globular clusters in NGC 5128 and how accurate is the identification of these clusters using data from Gaia, PISCeS, and NOAO Legacy Survey?
What is the connection between the Milky Way halo and dwarf spheroidals, and can it be better understood through the study of stars that have fallen into these systems and their chemical make-up?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with PSF-matching and proper PSF modelling provide a more accurate estimate of the Milky Way's gravitational potential and reduce the systematic errors associated with parallax measurements?
Can the formation of spirals in the (z,v_z) phase plane of solar-neighbourhood stars, observed in both Milky Way and its neighbor galaxies, be explained by a simple model that considers the amplitude and frequency of stars' vertical oscillations and the tidal force exerted by massive substructures passing through the galaxy?
Do the properties of galaxy groups and the distribution of galaxies in groups differ between observations and simulations, and if so, what factors are causing the discrepancy?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can the accuracy of photometric calibrations for the Gaia data be assessed and uncertainties in the instrumental spectral responses be estimated using simulated multi-object stellar spectra and comparing them with real Gaia DR1 spectra?
Does the trend of mean vertical motion with azimuthal velocity and angular momentum in the Gaia-TGAS dataset support the known Galactic warp?
Do Type II Cepheids in the Bulge have a centrally concentrated distribution that suggests a dynamic equilibrium, or do they show evidence of a kinematically chaotic distribution that would indicate a non-equilibrium origin?
What is the role of the formation of the Milky Way's barred inner region in the evolution of disk galaxies, and when did it occur in the Milky Way's history?
Can the use of Gaia data with proper motion measurements be used to determine the age, metallicity, and distance of up to 10 million objects, and can this catalog be used to generate a comprehensive view of the Milky Way's demographics and dynamics?
Can the distribution of open clusters in the Solar neighborhood be explained by a model that assumes clusters were formed in a single massive star explosion and were then distributed by dynamical processes?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
Does the Hercules stream in the Milky Way consist of stars orbiting the Lagrange points of the Galactic bar, as predicted by a made-to-measure dynamical model adapted for the Milky Way?
What is the size and composition of dust grains in the Milky Way and the Small Magellanic Cloud, and how do they affect the extinction curve at different wavelengths?
Does the age-velocity dispersion relation (AVR) differ between metal-poor and high-metallicity thin and thick disk populations and can it provide insights into the formation of the thick disk?
Can the total matter surface density of the Galactic disk be accurately determined using the kinematics of a dynamically cold stellar stream passing through or close to the Galactic center?
Can the ridges and dips observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way be explained by resonances with a population of dwarf spheroidal galaxies, and can the effects of the bar and the dark matter halo be properly accounted for in the analysis?
Can the GALAH survey, using HERMES instrument at the Anglo-Australian Telescope, determine the stellar parameters and abundances of up to 30 elements for up to one million stars and trace the Milky Way's history of star formation, chemical enrichment, stellar migration, and minor mergers?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and determine their parameters, including metallicity, age, and distance?
Does the deceleration of the Galactic bar, caused by dynamic friction from a typical dark matter halo, alter the shape of the Milky Way's velocity distribution and affect the measurement of the plane-parallel shear from \textit{Gaia} Data Release 2?
What are the chemical and dynamical characteristics of stars stripped from the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy over time, and how do they differ from the core of the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy and other dynamically older stream samples?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-rich spectroscopic surveys?
What is the metallicity gradient of the Galactic disc and is there a possible break in the gradient at a certain Galactocentric radius?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-set of metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What are the chemical and dynamical characteristics of stars stripped from the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy over time, and how do they differ from the core of the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy and other dynamically older stream samples?
Are the large and extended dwarf spheroidal galaxies NGC 288 and NGC 362 identified as potential tidal debris from the Large Magellanic Cloud based on their chemical and kinematic properties, and can the massive Milky Way galaxy be constrained in terms of its tidal debris field and the possible tidal origin of certain stars in the solar neighborhood?
Can the selection function of a sample drawn from a catalogue in terms of position, magnitude and colour be estimated using a general framework, and can this information be used to improve the accuracy of dynamical models, optical surveys and spectroscopic follow-up experiments?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and GALAH surveys to investigate Galactic abundance trends?
Can the combination of Gaia DR3 radial velocities and spectroscopically derived atmospheric parameters be used to accurately determine the ages, initial stellar masses, and reddening of stars younger than 5 billion years and the chemo-dynamical properties of the extended Solar neighbourhood?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Does the velocity distribution of Galactic halo stars affect the precision of the derived distance scale to the Sun, and can it be modeled using a parametrized distribution function?
Can Gaia provide a more accurate and precise dynamical mass measurement for Sgr A* in the Milky Way center, and can the new Gaia DR2 astrometry and DR2 parallaxes be used to further constrain the distance to Sgr A*, thus providing a strong constraint on the merger history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the Hercules stream in nearby stars and is it dominated by resonant perturbations from the Milky Way's bar or by other mechanisms such as spiral arms?
What are the kinematics and properties of the identified stellar overdensities in the solar neighborhood of 1.5" and 2.0" FWHM in Gaia data, and how do they compare to predictions from different dynamical models?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic bulge caused by different distributions of $\alpha$-abundances for metal-rich and metal-poor components?
Can the Gaia mission's second data release provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, allowing for their study as a unique probe of the galaxy's potential and astrometric and kinematical constraints on the galaxy's gravitational potential?
Can the new space telescope Gaia detect the kinematic signature of a few tens of kilometers per second caused by the swaying of a star's trajectory due to the tide force and quantify the Milky Way gravitational potential using the trigonometric parallax method?
What is the origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the solar neighborhood, and how do they relate to the shocks produced by the Galactic disk and spiral arms?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars observed in the solar neighborhood, and how do their chemical compositions and velocity patterns provide insights into their formation scenarios?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the halo in the Galaxy, including the high-energy component and resonant component, and how do they relate to the low-energy component and resonant component of the debris field?
Can the structures on the U-V planes in the solar neighborhood, known as the moving groups, be explained by the spiral arms perturbations and can the model's predictions of the velocity distribution match the distribution provided by Gaia DR2?
What is the total gravitational potential model of the Milky Way Galaxy and what is the estimated total mass of the galaxy based on kinematic data of globular clusters provided by the Gaia DR2 collaboration and the new catalog by Vasiliev?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of open clusters sensitive to the age of the cluster and can they distinguish between different stellar evolution models?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate bimodal populations in the bulge, and determine the Galactic metallicity gradient?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the formation of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way?
Does the angular momentum of the Hercules moving group change significantly with increasing Gaia DR2 proper motions, which would confirm it being the result of a perturbation rather than a stochastic process?
What is the spatial variation and compatibility of the triple-phase-space map method for determining chemical abundances and identifying anomalous substructures in the Milky Way galaxy?
What is the origin of the different kinematic structures observed in the halo and thick disk of the Milky Way, and how do they relate to the formation scenarios for the galaxy?
Can the VVV survey be used to efficiently identify and parametrize variable sources in Galactic globular clusters and improve our understanding of their physical parameters, such as distance, extinction, and metallicity?
Can the dynamics of tidally induced spiral arms in the Milky Way be studied using a simple model that considers the effects of both dark matter and baryons and includes the spiral pattern speed, pitch angle, and sensitivity to perturbations from outside the disk?
Can the Gaia mission's initial data release be used to characterize the structure and kinematics of the Galactic disc and provide a foretaste of the full data release in 2018?
What is the formation path of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how is it linked to the known merging events that the galaxy has experienced?
What is the source of intra-cluster medium pollution in NGC 6522 and what evidence exists for multiple generations of stars in the cluster?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate cluster members, and determine the cluster's parameters, including Galactic abundance patterns?
Does the difference in morphology between the brightest and faintest members of the upper Scorpius association reflect their star formation history?
What is the external perturbation causing velocity asymmetries in Galactic disk stars near the anticenter, and can it be identified through the distribution of kinematic information in the form of a bi-distribution function?
Do the chemical compositions, ages, kinematics, and orbital eccentricities of different types of stars in the Milky Way provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy's structure?
Are the chemical abundances of stars in the high-energy retrograde halo, which have a greater metallicity and alpha-enhancement than low-energy stars in the same-sized galaxies, explained by a combination of chemical enrichment from low-mass satellite galaxies and in-situ chemical evolution?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What is the impact of accreted stars on the Galactic chemo-kinematic relations, and what is the age and origin of the imprint left by this accretion event on the kinematic fossil record of the Galactic disc?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV survey allow for the construction of derision-free and complete samples of variable stars in the Milky Way bulge and disk, including those from very faint objects, and for the construction of homogeneous parameter and phase space distributions for the open clusters and overdensities in the Milky Way?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while accounting for spatial selection function and uncertainties in position-velocity observations?
Can a general relativistic model of a stationary and axisymmetric galaxy-scale metric fill the gap in a baryons-only Milky Way and mimic a "DM-like" effect in the observed flatness of the MW rotation curve without the need for extra-dimensional substructure or strong lensing effects?
What is the effect of accreted stars on the metallicity distribution function of progenitor systems, and can it be used to distinguish between accreted stars and birthed stars in order to study the chemical evolution of systems like the Gaia Sausage?
Can the mass of the Milky Way be inferred by comparing the kinematics of its satellites with those of model galaxies, and can this method be validated using data from Gaia and spectroscopic surveys?
What is the origin of the observed kinematic and chemical patterns in the Milky Way and in small systems within it, and how do they compare with predictions from different galaxy formation models?
What are the sources and evolution of the different ionization states observed in the spectra of distant stars, and how do they relate to the different physical phenomena that cause the selective absorption of photons in the red part of the spectrum?
Is the split of the second and third metallicity components in Gaia DR2 solar neighbourhood into high- and low-birth mass subsystems a universal characteristic of other systems, and can the origin of the low-mass subsystem be linked to the formation of the thick disk rather than the high-mass subsystem?
Are the chemical abundances of stars in the high-energy retrograde halo, which have low $\alpha$-element abundances and are kinematically inconsistent with being retrograde, consistent with being accreted from a dwarf galaxy and/or a dwarf galaxy merger?
What is the main factor driving the formation and evolution of second population stars in Galactic globular clusters, and how does it relate to the cluster's metallicity, dynamical history, and other structural properties?
What is the origin of the two distinct populations of Galactic globular clusters and how do they relate to the ancient merger event that formed the Milky Way?
What is the angular velocity and spatial distribution of RR Lyrae stars in the Milky Way bulge and how does it relate to their metallicities and chemodynamical evolution?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Does the vertical metallicity gradient of mono-age stellar populations correlate with age, and can this be explained by a scenario where (thin) disc stars formed from a flaring (thin) star-forming disc?
Does the abundance pattern of NGC 6522 provide hints on the earliest chemical enrichment in the central Galaxy and can it be used to establish a local standard of reference for chemical abundance studies in the Galactic bulge?
What is the local matter density field of the Milky Way within a distance of 10 kpc from the Galactic center and how does it relate to the formation and evolution of a massive black hole in the galaxy?
Do the chemical compositions, ages, kinematics, and orbital eccentricities of different types of stars in the Milky Way provide insights into the formation and evolution of the galaxy's structure?
What are the different origin scenarios for the extreme horizontal branch of globular clusters and how do they relate to the known massive star binaries, black holes, and chemical evolution in globular clusters?
Can a machine learning model reliably identify extended stellar halo stars, even when their full phase-space information is not available, using data from the Gaia DR2 release?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Can the MADE approach, which utilizes a Bayesian artificial neural network trained on asteroseismic models, accurately estimate the mass, age, and distance of red giant stars using a small suite of lines?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Do the chemical and kinematic properties of the oldest, metal-poor stars in the bulge of the Galaxy differ from those found in halo stars of the same metallicity, and if so, what are the reasons for this difference?
What is the initial size distribution of Galactic globular clusters and how does it relate to the initial mass function and star formation history of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars observed in the solar neighborhood, and how do their chemical compositions and kinematics suggest a connection to the outermost thin disc and halo, respectively?
Can the new Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant stream?
Can a multi-component chemo-dynamical method be used to accurately identify and differentiate the populations of Globular Clusters in the Milky Way, including those accreted from now-defunct satellite galaxies, and provide insights into the history of merger events and the massive star factory that built the Galactic core?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its parameters (scale length, scale height, and metallicity) vary with kinematic properties such as absolute proper motion and metallicity-dependent scale height?
What is the detailed analysis of variable stars in NGC 7006 based on CCD photometric time-series, and what is the cluster's kinematics and dynamical history?
What is the distance to Reticulum located in the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) globular cluster Reticulum and can mid-infrared period-luminosity (PL) relations be used to accurately determine this distance?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high transverse velocity stars in the solar neighbourhood, and how do they relate to the structure and history of the Milky Way?
Does the 3D Two-Point Correlation Function (3D 2PCF) effectively quantify substructure in the Milky Way's stellar halo, and can it be used to constrain the accretion history of the galaxy?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What are the accurate distances to Galactic globular clusters and how do they impact the value of the local Hubble constant?
Can the new approach of comparing stellar kinematics of symmetric Galactic longitudes be used to quantify the effects of spiral arms on the orbits of stars in the disk, and constrain the parameters of the arms, as well as the parameters of the warp and the corotation radius?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Does the supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy have a larger tidal charge than expected, and could the discrepancy between predicted and observed gravitational waves from a binary black hole system in a galaxy similar to our own provide further constraints on the Galaxy's tidal charge?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-sets to investigate Galactic chemical gradients?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
Can the STREAMFINDER algorithm detect nearby and ultra-faint structures, such as the Phlegethon stellar stream, which could potentially be used as a probe of the Milky Way gravitational field?
What is the age of the thick disk and how does it relate to the age of the thin disk and the halo?
What is the initial lithium content of two clusters of similar metallicity but different ages, and how does it provide key constraints on the chemical evolution models for the early universe?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Does the strength of the accretion disk wind in broad-lined quasars vary with their spectral energy distributions, and does this variation affect the accuracy of determining quasar accretion rates?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the heart of the globular cluster, and constrain the dynamical mass of the cluster?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while accounting for spatial selection function and uncertainties in position-velocity observations?
Does the BDBS survey provide evidence for the presence of young and intermediate age populations in the southern bulge of the Milky Way, and can Gaia data be used to select and study them?
Do Milky Way globular clusters have past associations with the classical dwarf spheroidal galaxies or were they brought in as part of now-disrupted satellite galaxies?
Can the identification and analysis of kinematically and chemically distinct substructures in the halo streams of nearby stars provide insight into the accretion history of the Milky Way and its interaction with dwarf galaxies?
Can the formation of spirals in the (z,v_z) phase plane of solar-neighbourhood stars, observed in both Milky Way and its neighbor galaxies, be explained by a simple model that considers the amplitude and frequency of stars' vertical oscillations and the tidal force exerted by large substructures?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark-matter halo?
Is the observed strong flaring of the Milky Way disk consistent with it being dynamically heated by the repeated passage of the Sagittarius dwarf spheroidal galaxy through the midplane?
Can Gaia provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, which can potentially be used to constrain scenarios for galaxy formation and the onset of chemical enrichment in the early universe?
Is the linear structure of 25 star-forming regions in a segment of the Sagittarius Arm a substructure within the lower density region of the arm, or a separate high-density structure within the arm?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with bulges in dwarf spheroidal galaxies?
Can a multi-component chemo-dynamical method be used to accurately identify and quantify the contribution of different chemical ingredients to the observable matter in the Milky Way, and can it be used to constrain the galaxy's mass and dark matter halo?
What is the nature of the kinematic and chemical structure of the Galactic disk as a function of age and metallicity, and how does it relate to theories of disk evolution?
Can the Bayesian framework, with a probabilistic model for the Galactic potential, be used to accurately derive various kinematic and chemical parameters from spectroscopic surveys, and how do different models for the potential affect the accuracy of the derived parameters?
Is the postulated Nyx stream a high-velocity component of the Milky Way's thick disk, and not a result of a dwarf galaxy origin?
What is the nature of the different populations co-existing in the disk of the Milky Way, and how are they kinematically and chemically characterized?
Can the differing technical assumptions in spectrum modelling for spectroscopic analyses of benchmark stars affect the elemental abundance results obtained from different codes?
Does the shearing sheet provide a better quantitative understanding of the dynamics of a stellar disc than the vertical velocity distribution, and how does it relate to the secular evolution of the disc?
Are the large and extended dwarf spheroidal galaxies Antlia 2 and Crater 2 a result of tidal disruption?
Does the warp in the Milky Way's disc, known as the stellar halo, cause a similar pattern in the motion of distant globular clusters, and can that information be used to measure the galaxy's gravitational potential and constrain the dark matter halo?
Can the proper motion measurements derived from Gaia data be used to determine the mean proper motion of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies orbiting the Milky Way, even without prior spectroscopic information?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of Gaia DR2 astrometry and photometry data?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the Milky Way's halo, including the high-velocity component and resonant component, and can their kinematics and chemical information provide insight into their origin?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer disc populations vary in terms of their heating and kinematics compared to inner disc populations?
What is the rotation speed of the Galaxy's spiral pattern and the corotation radius, and how do they relate to the spatial distribution and birthplaces of the galactic open clusters?
Can the density structure of the Galactic bar be characterized using observational constraints on the vertical velocity dispersion and self-gravity, and can model studies provide insight into the origin of the bar and its tangential velocities?
What is the effect of chemical enrichment on the structure and kinematics of the Galactic disc, and can kinematical maps constructed from spectrally-separated open clusters provide a sensitive probe of the chemical enrichment?
What is the origin of "young" [$\alpha$/Fe]-enhanced stars with stellar ages younger than 6.0 Gyr and [$\alpha$/Fe] ratios greater than 0.15 dex, which are not expected from classical Galactic chemical evolution models?
Does the influence of the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) on the small kinematic spaces of the Milky Way's stellar halo affect the interpretation of the radial and vertical trends in the halo's kinematics?
What is the influence of accreted stars on the metallicity and kinematics of the Galactic disc and how do selection effects and accuracy of stellar parameters affect the metallicity estimation?
Can the LAMOST Galactic Spectroscopic Survey (DR4) and kernel principal component analysis (KPCA) method accurately estimate the age and mass of red giant branch (RGB) stars in the Galactic disk and bulge?
Can Gaia data alone be used to establish a list of members and derive mean parameters, specifically distances, for as many open clusters as possible, leading to the discovery of new open clusters and providing the most precise homogeneous parameters?
Can the distribution and structural parameters of Open Clusters obtained from the Gaia catalogue shed light on the process of their formation, evolution and dissolution, and bring constraints on theoretical models of cluster evolution?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable indicator for the distance scale?
What is the circular velocity curve of the Milky Way and the mass distribution of its baryonic and dark matter components?
What is the internal structure of the globular cluster NGC 2419 and how does it compare to previous studies?
What is the metallicity gradient of the Galactic disc and is there a possible break in the gradient at a certain Galactocentric radius?
Can the H3 Stellar Spectroscopic Survey complement Gaia data to identify and reveal the hierarchical assembly and accretion history of our Galaxy's outer stellar halo?
Can the new version of the Besancon Galaxy model improve our understanding of Galaxy evolution by allowing us to investigate the initial mass function and star formation rate of the disc and the thickness of the disc?
Does the velocity distribution of open clusters in the solar neighbourhood reveal a Galactic warp that may be caused by the tidal disruption of a dwarf galaxy?
Are the Milky Way clusters NGC 362 and NGC 288 galactic siblings accreted as part of the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus merger, based on their high precision differential abundance measurements and chemical similarities/differences with Gaia-Sausage and Enceladus?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-sets, and can this method be used to study the chemically and kinematically distinct populations of stars in the Milky Way?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
What is the best approximation of the local U-V velocity field due to orbital trapping in a galaxy model with a known potential, and how does this field affect the selection function of a survey and the accuracy of derived quantities?
Does the size and age of the Milky Way's dark matter halo affect the properties of the surface brightness and density profiles of the luminous matter halo, and can these effects be distinguished from the effects of baryons on the surface brightness profile using a specific choice of galaxy formation model?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular cluster systems and determine the physical parameters of their populations, including metallicity and distance?
Do Type II Cepheids in the bulge have a bimodal distribution of line-of-sight velocities, and are they kinematically coherent?
What is the origin of the dominant stellar halo component with high metallicity and high orbital anisotropy in the Milky Way, and how is it linked to an ancient head-on collision with a massive dwarf galaxy?
Does the distribution of type ab RR Lyrae stars in the Milky Way support the star cluster infall and merger scenario for creating an important fraction of the central dense disk?
What are the properties and distinct components of old populations in the Milky Way based on the metallicity distributions of fundamental-mode RR Lyrae stars detected by the OGLE survey?
What is the structure and origin of the newly identified clusters, associations, and co-moving groups in Gaia Data Release 2, and how do they relate to the previously known structures?
What is the formation path of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how is it linked to the known merging events that the galaxy has experienced?
Is the main spiral potential of the Milky Way galaxy two-armed and can the Sagittarius arm be considered a major arm or just an inter-arm feature?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What are the possible origins of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how do they relate to the formation of the bulge, secular evolution, and environmental effects?
What is the chemical and dynamical makeup of the halo white dwarf population and how do they differ from their earth-bound bretheren?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the possible formation scenario of VVV-CL160, a massive star with a super-Solar metallicity, and how does it contribute to the understanding of the chemical enrichment processes in very old open clusters?
What is the impact of accreted stars on the Galactic chemo-kinematic relations, and what is the age and origin of the imprint left by this accretion event on the kinematic fossil record of the Galactic disc?
Can the different methods of deriving radial velocities in spectroscopic surveys be compared and their advantages and disadvantages be analyzed to determine the most accurate and robust solution for the radial velocity problem in future spectroscopic surveys?
Can Gaia kinematics be used to detect and characterize ultra-faint structures in the Galactic halo, and can the method be applied to estimate the global parameters of the Galaxy and the kinematics of its components?
What are the structural properties of the outer halo of the Milky Way galaxy and can they be better characterized using a larger sample of globular clusters identified with Gaia DR2?
What are the ages and chemo-dynamical properties of red giant stars and how do they evolve with metallicity across a wide range of metallicities?
Can the spatial distribution of elemental abundances in the disc of our Galaxy provide insights into its assembly process and subsequent evolution?
What is the rotational velocity and metallicity distribution of the progradely rotating stellar halo in the local region and does it show any correlation with [Mg/Fe] or [alpha/Fe]?
Can the VVV survey data be transformed onto the 2MASS system to enable the construction of longer baseline spectral energy distributions for astronomical targets, and can this transformation be used to establish a consistent spectral energy distribution for stars in the inner Galaxy?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
Can the use of multiband photometry and accurate Gaia-EDR3 proper motions help identify new members of the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy's globular cluster system and confirm the system's on-going star formation?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other survey methods?
What is the total number and galactic distribution of Wolf-Rayet stars and how do their subtypes vary radially, and which models for their evolution are most consistent with observations?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable indicator of their distances?
What is the formation path of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how is it linked to the known merging events that the galaxy has experienced?
Does the new Gaia DR3 astrometry have the potential to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant stream?
Can the use of GOSSS and Gaia data help identify and measure distances of Galactic stellar groups with OB stars, including those formed in relatively low-mass clusters or near-isolation, supporting the hierarchical scenario of star formation?
What is the local dark matter density in the Milky Way and does it vary between the northern and southern hemispheres?
Is the main spiral potential of the Milky Way galaxy two-armed and can the Sagittarius arm be considered a major arm or just a minor arm?
What is the absolute proper motion of the globular cluster NGC 5139 and how does it affect the cluster's orbit and survival expectancy in the Galaxy?
Are the proposed stellar members of Chamaeleon I and II physically connected to each other and distinguishable from foreground and background associations through their properties?
Are the carbon-rich dwarf stars with halo-like kinematics in the Milky Way Galaxy the dominant source of carbon-enhanced, metal-poor stars?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer disc populations vary in terms of their heating and kinematics compared to inner disc populations?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
Do the chemical abundances of red giant stars in open clusters provide evidence for the dynamical mixing of materials from the Galactic center, and can they be used to constrain the distance to the supermassive black hole?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high transverse velocity stars in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What is the formation path of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how is it linked to the known merging events that the galaxy has experienced?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of stars that make up the core of the Milky Way?
Is the observed strong flaring of the Milky Way disk consistent with it being dynamically heated by the repeated passage of the Large Magellanic Cloud?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Can a data-driven approach using artificial neural networks accurately derive spectro-photometric distances of stars, and can this method be used to identify and study stellar streams, such as the Cetus-Palca stream and potentially other structures formed by the tidal disruption of a massive object?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the best approximation of the local U-V velocity field due to orbital motions in the Galaxy, and how can it be used to calculate the gravitational potential and its gradients accurately?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning tool, Stellar Age and Chemistry Estimation Tool (SACED), together with a refined birthplace distance function, provide an accurate estimation of the absolute distance to the Galactic center and help constrain the spatial distribution of open clusters in the Galaxy?
Is the existence and dynamics of the stellar debris stream associated with NGC 7089 influenced by the presence of a moving Large Magellanic Cloud?
What are the origins and characteristics of the five discrete kinematic overdensities observed in the outer halo globular cluster NGC 65, and how do they relate to the known merger events that have affected the cluster's orbit?
What is the most up-to-date catalogue of open clusters and what improvements and limitations do it have for the study of the open cluster phenomenon?
Is the ultra-metal poor thick disc the main and possibly the only stellar population that has formed in the Galaxy at these metallicities, suggesting that the dissipative collapse that led to the formation of the old open clusters was extremely fast?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
Can the LAMOST Galactic Spectroscopic Survey (DR4) be used to obtain precise spectroscopic distances to 5 Galactic stellar populations and provide a homogeneous and quantitative dataset for studies related to the structure, dynamics, and chemical evolution of the Milky Way?
What is the relative importance of different heating mechanisms for the hot molecular gas observed towards SgrA* - radial infall, shocks, and radiative transfer - and how do they vary based on the observed features in the spectrum?
What is the mass of the Milky Way and its anisotropy using the kinematics of halo globular clusters determined by Gaia?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-sets, and can the method's predictions be validated through comparison with independent ground-based spectroscopic measurements?
What is the formation and evolution model of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way, including the identification and characterization of new sub-classes, and how does it relate to the known open clusters and associated outflows?
What is the present-day radial metallicity gradient of the Milky Way and how does it support or challenge models of the formation and evolution of the galaxy?
Do the chemical and kinematic properties of the oldest, metal-poor stars in the bulge of the Galaxy differ from those found in halo stars of the same metallicity, and if so, what are the underlying reasons for this difference?
What is the distance distribution and absolute magnitude of Galactic Wolf-Rayet stars, and can the use of Bayesian methods and prior based on H$\mathrm{\scriptsize{II}}$ regions and dust extinction improve these measurements?
Does the shearing sheet provide a better quantitative understanding of the dynamics of a rotating disc galaxy and can it be used to test different theoretical models of galactic dynamics?
Can the kinematic and chemical properties of the oldest and metal-poor stars in the bulge of the Galaxy provide insight into the history of the Galaxy and the assembly of the Milky Way?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what are the significant effects that the bar can have on the surrounding disc?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV survey provide a more accurate distance model for the variable stars in the sample and enable the determination of their atmospheric parameters, which, together with their spectral type, will allow for a better separation of variables in future spectroscopic surveys?
What is the origin of $r$-process elements in Gaia-Enceladus and can their high [{Eu}/{Mg}] ratio be explained by $r$-process enrichment through neutron-star mergers?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of velocity space occupied by stars that were born in the stellar halo, and how does it relate to the claim that the majority of stars in the Milky Way were born in the inner disk and not the halo?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning algorithm provide accurate stellar parameters for millions of stars and enable the construction of large homogeneous stellar databases?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark-matter halo?
Can the minimum-entropy method be used to both constrain the Milky Way gravitational potential and test different gravity theories using 6D phase-space surveys such as Gaia and KING?
Can the INT Galactic Plane Survey (IGAPS) point source catalogue be used to identify emission line stars and variable stars in the Galactic coordinate range (negative Galactic longitudes excluded)?
 ### Background: The INT Galactic Plane Survey (IGAPS) point source catalogue was generated to provide a homogeneous and comprehensive catalogue of point sources in the Galactic coordinate?
What are the rotational velocity and kinematical structures of stars observed towards the Galactic anticenter across different spectral bands, and how can they be used to constrain models of the Milky Way's kinematics and build a catalogue of rotational velocities?
What are the stellar kinematics and chemical evolution parameters of the Galactic thin and thick disk and how do they vary with distance and metallicity?
What is the cause of the different patterns observed in the vertical and horizontal directions in the radial velocity distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and how can it be explained by different mechanisms for vertical versus horizontal motions?
Are the kinematic properties of two outer halo globular clusters, M 75 and NGC 6426, consistent with their respective ages and metallicities, and can the information content of the Gaia catalogue be used to accurately determine the ages and metallicities of these and other objects?
Can the KMOS spectroscopic survey of the stars in the nuclear disk with a full line-of-sight extinction range and deriving their metallicities and temperatures using spectral indices provide a complementary data set for Galactic studies?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galactic mass distribution?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through spectroscopic and photometric analyses?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Does the use of the linelist developed for the Gaia-ESO Survey compared to one based on spectral simulations provide a more accurate estimation of the atmospheric parameters and elemental abundances in the open clusters NGC 6791 and M67?
What is the total number of Galactic globular clusters and their various parameters, such as distance, metallicity, and total mass, and how do they contribute to the local gravitational potential?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer disc populations vary in terms of their heating and kinematics compared to inner disc populations?
Can the Hubble Space Telescope be used to measure proper motions of stellar groups and individual stars in the Galactic halo, and can these measurements be combined with parallax data to obtain accurate distance estimates?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with PSF-determined astrifiters provide a precise and accurate distance estimate for $\sim 10\times10\pc$ regions in the solar neighborhood, and enable the construction of full 6D phase space maps?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, and can the combined metallicity data set a constraint on the age of the cluster?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of open clusters systems sensitive to the selection function applied to identify target objects from the Gaia catalogue?
What is the most up-to-date, carefully verified list of classical Cepheids residing in the bulge of the Milky Way, and what basic statistics and comparisons can be made between the classical Cepheids from the bulge and the ones found elsewhere in the galaxy?
What is the most up-to-date catalogue of open clusters and what improvements and caveats apply to the identification of open clusters in the Gaia Data Release 2?
Can a probabilistic approach to stellar evolution accurately predict the distribution of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars in the Milky Way, and therefore their observational constraints on the mass of the dark matter halo, given a particular model for the halo?
Can the use of multiband photometry and accurate Gaia-EDR3 proper motions help identify new member stars of the Milky Way's globular cluster 47 Tucanae and confirm the cluster's on-going evolution?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while accounting for spatial selection function and uncertainties in position-velocity observations?
Does the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the leading and trailing tidal tails of open clusters support the theory of Newtonian gravitation or the Milgromian dynamics (MOND) and can the K\"upper's equation (KE) be used to calculate the tidal force and torque and account for the known clusters' parameters and distance?
What is the age of the outermost thin disc population and are there any kinematic signatures that could provide a direct way to determine the disc's accretion history?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Chamaeleon I dwarf galaxy at the same distance as the Milky Way correlate with the metallicity of the progenitor of the Milky Way?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor a supermassive black hole that experiences very little or inefficient accretion?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular clusters and identify potential candidate globular clusters and ultra-faint dwarf spheroidals?
What is the wave-like structure and dynamics of stars in the solar neighborhood and how does it relate to the distribution of visible and invisible matter and the perturbations of a massive object in the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What is the origin of the different kinematic structures observed in the metallicity and kinematics spaces of the Galactic halo, and how are they related to the chemistry and dynamical history of the system?
Can the StarGO algorithm accurately identify the galactic origins of halo stars using their kinematics and chemical composition, and can this knowledge be used to constrain cosmological models and map the Milky Way's gravitational potential?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
What is the local dark matter density in the Milky Way and does it vary between the northern and southern hemispheres?
Does the cool stellar disc of the Milky Way include mergers with ancient stars that can be identified through their chemical signature?
Does the primordial binary percentage in young stellar clusters affect the velocities and mechanisms of stars that escape and contribute to the disc and halo populations of the Galaxy?
What is the local escape speed of a star in the Galactic potential and how does it vary with respect to the different kinematical observables?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in open clusters and estimate their parameters, such as distance, age, and binarity?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
What is the dominant formation mechanism for blue stragglers in globular clusters and how do their bimodal metallicity distribution function and chemical abundances provide insights into the hierarchical mass-loss process of the cluster?
Does the scale-heights relationship in the Gaia DR2 parallax data provide evidence for the accuracy of the parallax measurements and constrain the distance to different objects?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population?
Can the highly-structured orbital action and angle space of stars within 1.5 kpc of the Sun, as measured by Gaia DR2, be informative for modeling non-axisymmetric structure and resonances in the Galactic disk?
Can a machine learning model reliably identify extended stellar halo stars, even when their full phase-space information is not available, using data from the Gaia DR2 release?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Can the behavior of the dominant spiral mode in a galaxy-scale disc galaxy be characterized and compared to predictions from different numerical simulations?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the vertical velocity structure of the Milky Way's "thin disc" and how does it relate to the formation of the Milky Way's thick disc?
What are the distinct properties of multiple perturbations in the Milky Way that caused significant departures from equilibrium and resulted in features in the phase space density of stars, including the $z$--$v_z$ phase spiral and the $z$--$v_z$ phase ellipse?
Is the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic bulge caused by different distributions of $\alpha$-abundances for metal-rich and metal-poor components?
Can the proposed approach consisting of a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately predict missing line-of-sight velocities for astrometric systems and provide a quantitative measure of confidence in predictions?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the extent and nature of the warp in the stellar disk of the Milky Way and can it be explained by an external, gravitationally induced phenomenon?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can a self-consistent dynamical model based on gravitational potential obtained from fitting Gaia data be used to accurately determine the kinematics and densities of sub-components of different ages in the Milky Way, and can this model be used to compute orbits for real stars in our galaxy?
What is the distance to Reticulum located in the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) globular cluster Reticulum and can mid-infrared period-luminosity (PL) relations be used to accurately determine this distance?
Can the Southern Stellar Stream Spectroscopy Survey (S5) map the kinematics and chemistry of stellar streams in the Southern Hemisphere and provide insights into the age difference between populations of stars and the chemical evolution of the Milky Way?
What is the internal structure and kinematics of the Sagittarius dwarf spheroidal galaxy (Sgr) as revealed by a study of its stellar kinematics and an analysis of data from the Gaia mission, the Anglo-Australian Telescope Galactic Spectroscopic Survey, and the Two-Michelson Interferometer?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What are the kinematics and properties of the Galactic stellar warp and how does it relate to the distribution of birthplaces and the kinematics of the disk?
Does the abundance of s-process neutron-capture elements, specifically the ratios of s-process/f-process and s-process/p-process, provide evidence for the dynamical mixing of s-process-enhanced into f-process-dominant stars and s-process-deficient into p-process-dominant stars at the time of the?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201 in the Bulge of the Galaxy, and can the chemical and kinematical properties of the stream tell us anything about the parent galaxy?
Does the abundance of s-process neutron-capture elements in Gaia-Enceladus demonstrate a primordial origin and suggest that the s-process elements were produced in a different way in the Gaia-Enceladus merger than in other known progenitor systems?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Can the identification and analysis of kinematically and chemically distinct substructures in the halo streams of nearby stars provide insight into the accretion history of the Milky Way and its interaction with dwarf galaxies?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in some star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
What are the metallicity gradients of the Galactic thick disk in the radial and vertical directions and how do they differ between thin and thick disk stars?
Can the metallicity data of globular clusters be used to constrain the distance to the Galactic center, and is there evidence for a bar component within both the metal-rich and metal-poor subsystems?
What is the accurate distance to the Galactic center (DC) and how does it vary between different distance indicators?
Can the method proposed accurately infer the vertical distribution of stars in the Milky Way, taking into account sample selection function and parallax measurement uncertainties?
Do new mid-infrared period-luminosity relations for \rrl{} variables in the globular cluster M4 establish a more accurate band-averaged distance modulus and suggest that \rrl{} stars are not affected by CO absorption in the 4.5~\micron{} band?
Can the GeDR3 dataset, a large and comprehensive catalogue of Gaia DR3 contents, be used to construct a multidimensional picture of the present-day Milky Way and compare different Galactic models?
Do the chemical compositions, ages, kinematics, and orbital eccentricities of different types of stars in the Milky Way provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy's structure?
Do the motion and metal abundance of the progenitor systems in the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus merger correlate, and can they provide insights into the formation of the Milky Way and the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus merger?
Can Gaia data alone be used to establish a list of members and derive parameters, specifically distances, for as many open clusters as possible, leading to the discovery of new open clusters and providing the most precise homogeneous parameters?
What are the scientific goals of the Gaia mission and how does the as-built spacecraft and payload module perform in achieving these goals?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Can the small-scale structure in the interstellar dust extinction be accurately modeled using a parametrized three-dimensional hexahedron model and a polynomial representation of the distance distribution function, and can this model help to understand the effects of different extinction models on the derivation of structural and dynamical parameters from astrometric measurements?
What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way's stellar kinematics, and how does it constrain the galaxy's mass distribution and dark halo properties?
What is the distance to Reticulum located in the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) globular cluster Reticulum and can mid-infrared period-luminosity (PL) relations be used to accurately determine this distance?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can the distribution of open clusters in the 6D phase space be accurately investigated using high-resolution spectroscopic data and a large sample of open clusters, and can their substructures such as the Over-doped Pockets and the Chaotic Region be identified and characterized?
Does the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with Gaia-Enceladus provide a unique and reliable way to constrain the mass of the Milky Way and confirm that it lies in the lower-mass range of $\sim 10^{11} M_\odot$ predicted by different theoretical models?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate a cluster of stars around 1.5 Gyr old with a homogeneous metallicity, and provide information on the chemical evolution of the Galactic thin disc?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark-matter halo?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while accounting for spatial selection function and uncertainties in position-velocity observations?
Is the double red clump phenomenon in high latitude fields of the Milky Way bulge caused by the presence of multiple populations in metal-rich globular clusters rather than an X-shaped structure originating from bar instability?
Does the initial size of the potential perturbation in the Milky Way determine the amplitude and frequency content of the ensuing mode in the phase space spectrum?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the detected star formation burst 2-3 Gyr ago in the Galactic thin disc domain and is it intrinsic to the disc or is an external perturbation needed for its explanation?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer disc populations vary in terms of their heating and kinematics compared to inner disc populations?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
What is the mass profile of the Milky Way within a certain distance range and how accurate are the estimates?
What is the effect of a central massive black hole on the structure and dynamics of a Milky Way-like galaxy, and can it be accurately modeled using external forces and perturbations from a non-axisymmetric point of view?
Do the chemical inhomogeneities observed in the Milky Way's younger stars correlate with the location of spiral arms, indicating that the spiral arms are the origin of these chemical features?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor a supermassive black hole that is regularly accreted and expelled, as predicted by a numerical relativity simulation?
Can the VVV survey data be transformed onto the 2MASS system to enable the construction of longer baseline spectral energy distributions for astronomical targets, and can this technique be applied to other spectroscopic surveys to provide consistent spectral models for their targets?
What is the cause of the kinematic differences between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf spheroidals be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Can the identification and analysis of kinematically and chemically distinct substructures in the halo streams of nearby stars provide insight into the accretion history of the Milky Way and its interaction with dwarf galaxies?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and determine their physical parameters, including distances, ages, metallicities, and kinematics?
What is the distribution and classification of variable stars in the metal-rich Galactic globular cluster NGC 6652, and how do they compare to variables in the surrounding field and background stars?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 1851 coeval, and can the sum of A(C+N+O) abundances provide information on the formation history of the cluster?
What is the initial lithium content of two clusters of similar metallicity but different ages, and how does it provide insights into the formation of the galactic halo and the outer thin disk?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the two warm absorber phases observed in the spectrum of the Galactic black hole Sgr A*?
Are the observed kinematic substructures in the halo of the Milky Way galaxy a result of tidal stripping and can their distribution provide a fingerprint of the original cluster or supercluster from which they were born?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does the abundance pattern of C, N, and O in the thin and thick disks provide insight into their formation scenarios?
Can the implementation of spin effects in mergers in a direct-summation code improve our understanding of the evolution of spins in dense environments and provide a quantitative test of theories of gravity?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular clusters and identify potential cluster members in the background noise of the Gaia DR2 database?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the kinematic and chemical properties of the oldest and least polluted part of the Milky Way, the Thick Disk, be characterized using data from Gaia, and can the possibility of a binary merger in the early life of the Milky Way be constrained?
What is the age, distance, and interstellar reddening of the globular cluster NGC 1261, and what are the structural and chemical properties of its member stars, using optical and near-infrared data?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can the use of Gaia data with proper motion measurements be used to determine the age of globular clusters and estimate the total globular cluster mass in the Milky Way?
What are the ages and chemo-dynamical properties of red giant branch stars in NGC 6791 and can they be accurately identified and separated from foreground and background associations using a probabilistic approach?
What is the origin of the Hercules stream in nearby stars and is it dominated by resonant perturbations from the Galactic bar or a transient perturbation from a one-time passage through the Herschbach hole?
Can the GALAH survey, using HERMES instrument at the Anglo-Australian Telescope, determine the stellar parameters and abundances for up to one million stars and trace the Milky Way's history of star formation, chemical enrichment, stellar migration, and minor mergers?
What is the possible origin and properties of the newly discovered Milky Way stellar cluster Gaia 1 and how likely is it to survive over many generations of star formation?
Can the cross-matching of astronomical catalogs, combined with photometric identification and cluster orbit calculations, determine the absolute proper motions of stars in any galaxy and provide a test bed for models of galaxy evolution?
What is the local kinematics of the Galactic disk and how accurate are the traditional stellar-population-based methods for determining this kinematics?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity and chemical abundance information be used to identify and characterize merger debris in the local stellar halo, leading to the discovery of new substructures and further understanding of the origins of the halo's substructure?
What is the nature of the X-ray flares and quiescent spectra of the supermassive black hole Sgr A* in the center of our galaxy, and how do they compare among the brightest flares ever observed with different X-ray observatories?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
Can the semi-analytic self-consistent Just-Jahrei{\ss} (JJ) model, together with observations from Gaia, provide a consistent and comprehensive understanding of the past, present, and future structure of the Milky Way, and help understand the origin of its bimodal horizontal-branch stars?
Does the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy result from a phase-space quenching process and can it be confirmed as a signature of a population of stars that were born in a compact cluster and ejected into the tidal tail by the progenitor galaxy's tidal disruption event?
What is the local dark matter density in the Milky Way and does it vary between the northern and southern hemispheres?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Is the observed differences in metallicity between wide and narrow sense halo stars a result of a different bimodality distribution in the Gaia DR3 spectroscopic sample?
Can the new algorithm called STREAMFINDER detect even ultra-faint stream features lying well below previous detection limits in Galactic stellar surveys containing any combination of positional and kinematic information?
Do the kinematic and chemical properties of the oldest and reddest objects in the Milky Way's disk, called the \textit{Primordial Objects}, differ from the surrounding disk population and are they associated with specific spiral arms?
What are the kinematics and chemical compositions of two distinct populations of stars in the halo of the Milky Way that challenge current understanding of the origins of the Milky Way's halo?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocity space with a specific Galactocentric radius, and could it be explained by a tidal stream or a spiral arm?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud (SMC)? Can the study of star clusters, particularly those associated with known no-star points and identified through the Gaia catalogue, provide information on the history of the Milky Way and its interaction with dwarf galaxies?
What are the astrophysical parameters, age, distance, and mass of the poorly studied open cluster King 27, and is it a dynamically relaxed cluster?
Does the variation in the position of the Hercules stream in the Milky Way halo as a function of distance from the center of the galaxy support the hypothesis of a variable gravitational potential caused by a variable dark mass component?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way stellar overdensity \textit{NGC 288} and how likely is it to survive until the next generation of spectroscopic surveys is completed?
Can the LAMOST Galactic Spectroscopic Survey (DR4) and kernel principal component analysis (KPCA) method accurately estimate the age and mass of red giant branch (RGB) stars in the Galactic disk and bulge, and identify the age and metallicity dependencies of the [Mg/Fe] and [O/Fe?
What are the conditions under which the population of halo stars was born, including the initial mass function, the star formation burst, and the binary fraction, by studying single and binary white dwarfs in the inner halo of the Milky Way using simulation and comparison with observational data?
What is the total number and galactic distribution of Wolf-Rayet stars and how do their subtypes and bimodal temperature spectra relate to their origin?
Is the metal-rich tail of the Galactic open clusters field represent a chemo-dynamical effect caused by the higher production of $\alpha$-elements in massive stars, and can the study of these objects provide key constraints on the chemical evolution models of the Galaxy?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-CL160, a weird star with a bizarre velocity curve and a dependence on age that is opposite to what would be expected for a carbon-enhanced metal-poor star?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in globular cluster NGC 2419?
Are the motion and chemical properties of two shell-like overdensities in the Milky Way galaxy correlated?
What is the completeness of the Gaia mission's second data release and how many sources did it miss, particularly in crowded regions of the sky, as a function of magnitude?
Do accreted globular clusters in the Milky Way galaxy cluster together in kinematic spaces, and are they distinguishable from in-situ globular clusters?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the accurate measurement of the gravitational potential of the Milky Way be used to constrain the galaxy's mass and dark matter halo, and the Universe's expansion rate and spatial curvature, while also providing a precision limit on the anisotropy of the galaxy?
What is the kinematics of the Galactic bar-bulge and how does it relate to the proper motions measured by the VVV and Gaia surveys?
Can the use of multiband photometry and accurate Gaia-EDR3 proper motions help identify and characterize the vast population of stellar candidates in the VISTA VVV survey, while limiting the accretion of foreground stars and boosting the detection of distant and ultra-faint objects?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population and how are their abundances related to the parameters of the models used for the chemical evolution calculations?
Can the distribution of open clusters in the 6D phase space be accurately investigated using the Gaia DR2, and can their spatial and velocity distributions as well as possible pairs and groups be identified based on this information?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by various perturbation scenarios such as a tidal disturbance from a large object, a scythe from a black hole, or a perturbation from a dwarf galaxy?
Can the improved values of stellar parameters from GALAH+ third data release be used to study variations of individual spectral lines and derive accurate radial velocities to enable studies of dynamics within streams and clusters?
Can the chemically peculiar and hypervelocity star HVS17 be used to probe the shape of the Milky Way's dark matter halo?
Do open clusters show a correlation between their period and stellar parameters, and can they provide reliable indicators of the dynamical matter density in the Milky Way?
Are the proposed stellar members of Chamaeleon I and II physically connected to each other and distinguishable from foreground and background associations through their proper motions?
Can the LAMOST Galactic Spectroscopic Survey (DR4) and kernel principal component analysis (KPCA) method accurately estimate the age and mass of red giant branch (RGB) stars in the Galactic disk and help shed light on the age structure and gradients of the disk?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Does the observed different behaviors of the dominant spiral modes in simulations of barred and unbarred galaxies as a function of the resolution depend on the wavelength of the mode and can they be explained by the amplitude and angular momentum of the mode and the properties of the bar?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemistry, spatial distribution, and kinematics provide insight into its formation mechanisms?
Can the "VISTA Variables in the Via Lactea eXtended (VVVX)" survey identify and provide information on previously undiscovered open clusters and variable stars along the Milky Way's "Voyager" track?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud, and how do the chemical abundances, age structure, and velocity patterns in the clusters provide information on the formation scenarios?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations and a combination of chemical and dynamical information to build a more accurate model?
What are the spatial and temporal variations of disk structure kinematics and chemical evolution in the Galactic disk system outside the solar neighborhood, and can they be separated using a Gaussian mixture model algorithm?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide accurate distance estimates for millions of stars and constrain the curvature of the Galactic disc on a sub-kiloparsec scale?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What is the wave-like structure and dynamics of stars in the Galactic disk and how does it relate to the formation and energy feedback of the disk?
Is the observed asymmetry in the number of low-mass stars in the solar neighborhood the result of a stochastic process or a selection effect caused by the overwhelming abundance of high-mass stars in the inner parts of the disk?
Can a model of the Galaxy with the outer ring R1R2 explain the observed distribution of radial and azimuthal velocity components along the Galactocentric distance derived from Gaia EDR3 data?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of APOGEE-DR14 elemental abundances and Gaia-DR2 kinematics of halo stars?
Can the use of chemical abundances and clustering analysis in the elemental abundance space improve the identification of local halo stars and the estimation of their chemodynamical parameters?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations to obtain a more detailed picture of its build-up and understand the bimodal metallicity distribution function at low and high halo temperatures?
What is the temporal structure of the spiral arms and associated dynamical structures in the Milky Way, and how do they relate to the distribution of open clusters and stellar streams?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and determine their parameters, including metallicity, age, and distance?
Can the UV instrument of AstroSat, namely the Ultra Violet Imaging Telescope, be used to identify new open clusters and determine the physical parameters of known clusters, and can this information be used to trace the formation of the Galactic disk?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
What is the most up-to-date and accurate catalogue of open clusters and how does it compare to previous catalogues?
Is the Galactic warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV survey provide a more complete spectral energy distribution for millions of stars, allowing for the derivation of accurate distance estimates and the characterization of different stellar populations, while providing a less biased sample of variables?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of open clusters in the Milky Way galaxy, and how do they relate to the age-metallicity relation and chemical abundances?
What is the three-dimensional distribution of Galactic dust grains and their scale heights, and which model (single disk or two disks) better fits the distribution based on a 3D dust reddening map of the northern sky?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in the Large Magellanic Cloud contribute to the distribution of hypervelocity stars, resulting in a dipole density distribution on the sky and a tendril in density leading to a possible crossover with the solar motion?
Can a systematic search of publicly available wide-area photometric surveys uncover new compact and faint stellar systems in the Milky Way that challenge traditional theories of galaxy formation?
Can the LAMOST Galactic Spectroscopic Survey (DR4) and kernel principal component analysis (KPCA) method accurately estimate the age and mass of red giant branch (RGB) stars in the Galactic disk and help shed light on the age structure and gradients of the disk?
What are the origins and characteristics of the five discrete kinematic overdensities observed in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way, and how do they relate to the origins of metals and retrograde stars?
What is the distance to the Galactic center (DC) and how accurate are the current distance estimates?
Can the LAMOST Galactic Spectroscopic Survey (DR4) and kernel principal component analysis be used to identify and characterize the different types of structures present in the Galactic disk, including spiral arms, spiral arms and spiral arms, spiral arms, and spiral arms?
Can the spatial dependence of Gaia DR2 parallax systematic errors be quantified and a numerical model used to estimate systematic errors in parallax measurements for future Gaia releases?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way's stellar kinematics, and how does it constrain the galaxy's mass distribution and dark halo properties?
What is the origin of the different kinematic structures observed in the outer halo of the Milky Way galaxy, specifically the co-rotating and non-co-rotating resonances, and can the origin of the non-co-rotating structures be linked to the tidal disruption of globular clusters?
Can the {\it Gaia} satellite detect the tilting rate of galaxies and constrain the scale length of their halo, which is important for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way and calibrating cosmological simulations?
What are the absolute number and density profiles of different types of stars in the solar neighborhood, and how can they be used as an anchor for studies of the initial mass function, stellar evolution, and galactic structure?
Do the dynamical effects of the Galactic potential on the kinematics of stars in the Milky Way-like disc induce a systematic error in the estimation of the dark mass concentration, and can it be quantified using a simple perturbation approach?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the possible progenitor system of NGC 4372 and how does it relate to the other large scale structures observed in the region around the Large Magellanic Cloud?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Does the globular cluster M 62 experience bulge-crossing shocks in its orbit, causing variations in the abundance ratios of isotopes produced in the core of the Galaxy, and can this be detected in future multi-object spectroscopic surveys?
Does the high metallicity globular cluster NGC 2888 host a supermassive black hole?
Do accreted globular clusters in the Milky Way galaxy cluster together in kinematic spaces, and are they distinguishable from in-situ globular clusters?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is the use of the Gaia-ESO Survey data for scientific research as stated in the paper "A catalogue of 1,188 open clusters and associations" compliant with the Gaia Data Release 2?
Is the morphology of the kinematic spirals in the Solar neighborhood a result of the gravitational potential of the galaxy or an external perturbation, and can the patterns in the overdensities and lops in the velocity distribution be used to distinguish between them?
Is the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic bulge a signature of two distinct chemical components?
Does the passage of a massive satellite through a concentric annulus of potential spiral in the presence of a strong radial gas flow cause a "splash" and ejection of gas and/or formation of a "splash" nebula?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the present-day radial metallicity gradient of the Galactic thin disc and how does it support or challenge models of disc formation and evolution?
Do the chemical abundances of red giant stars in open clusters reflect the chemical enrichment by helium-enhanced supernovae, and can the overdensities of $\alpha$-abundances observed in some overdensities be explained by the chemical enrichment by neutron-star mergers?
What is the impact of accreted stars on the Galactic chemo-kinematic relations, and what is the age and origin of the imprint left by this accretion event on the kinematics of the disc?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What are the origins and characteristics of the four different populations of stars that make up the halo of the Milky Way, and how do their chemical compositions and kinematics relate to each other?
Does the morphology of horizontal branch stars in globular clusters evolve with red clump stars, and can they be used to identify and study the oldest, most metal-poor stars in massive compact objects?
Is the period ratio of F/1O Cepheids a reliable method for determining the metallicity gradient in the Milky Way and other systems?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf spheroidal galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Does the passage of a massive satellite through a globular cluster induce a perturbation in the cluster's orbit, causing it to precess around the point of impact, and can this be modeled using the N-body method?
What is the correlation between chemical abundance patterns and the dynamical properties of stars in the Milky Way galaxy, as observed by the Radial Velocity Experiment (RAVE)?
 ### Background: What is the structure and dynamics of the Galactic disc, as observed by the Radial Velocity Experiment (RAVE)?
 ### Methods: Stars were selected using a combination?
What are the age, distance, and metallicity of the stellar stream Cepheus-Serpent, and what are the key chemical markers and abundances that confirm or disconfirm the hierarchical scenario for the formation of the Milky Way?
Can the use of GOSSS and Gaia data help constrain the dynamical matter density of the Galactic thin disc and identify regions where the density is either low or high, possibly indicating the presence of different populations in each region?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor an intermediate mass black hole that experiences very little or no drag force due to the paucity of metal-poor stars in the region around the cluster?
Can the chemically peculiar and hypervelocity star HVS17 be used to probe the boundary of the Galactic halo, and can the analysis of its spectra provide information about the origin of the chemical signature and the ejection history of the star?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance, radial velocity, and kinematics of its stars?
What are the chemical and kinematic properties of the Galactic thin and thick disk and how do they vary with distance and metallicity, and what are the factors affecting the formation of the thick disk?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galactic mass distribution?
What is the mass of the Milky Way and its anisotropy using the kinematics of halo globular clusters determined by Gaia?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high-velocity stars in the solar neighbourhood, and how do they relate to the bimodal metallicity distribution function observed in the same region of the diagram?
Can the use of GOSSS and Gaia data help identify and measure distances of Galactic stellar groups with OB stars, including those formed in relatively low-mass clusters or near-isolation, supporting the hierarchical scenario of star formation?
Can the Gaia satellite's unprecedented combination of accuracy, precision, and coverage allow for a detailed study of the spatial and kinematical distribution of the disc's substructure and reveal previously undetected low-order structure, including the long-sought $\beta$ Persei halo stream?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Does the infall of satellite galaxies and their tidal debris cause significant tilting of the Milky Way's stellar disk, and could this tilting affect the relative location of the solar system and the tilt-modified orbital parameters predicted by several recent studies?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and determine their physical parameters, including metallicity and distance?
Can the local halo kinematic groups be linked to three specific stellar clouds and can their orbits predict the location of merger debris elsewhere in the galaxy?
Can Gaia data alone be used to establish a list of members and derive mean parameters, specifically distances, for as many open clusters as possible, and can this be used to trace the structure and history of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize the kinematic characteristics of the overdensities in the Milky Way disk defined by a large number of co-located open clusters and provide evidence for the spiral structure of the galaxy?
Can the Galaxy Model be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way and its baryonic mass fraction using a novel method that compares the kinematics of a sample of halo globular clusters to predictions from a specific Galaxy model?
What is the chemical composition and abundance ratios of nearby clusters and how do they compare to those obtained in other large surveys?
What is the dynamical age of the Tucana-Horologium young stellar association and does it reconcile with the previously reported stellar ages?
Does the substructure present in the phase-space distribution of very metal-poor stars, as observed using data from Gaia and compared with predictions from cosmological simulations, provide evidence of the tidal disruption of globular clusters by a massive progenitor galaxy?
Is the structure of the Galactic disk consistent with it having formed in a relatively short time period through a series of spiral arms that wind their way through the disk?
Do the dynamical actions of stars at different distances from the Galactic center provide evidence for the formation of the Milky Way's double disk system and the existence of a bar beneath the inner disk?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through spectroscopic and photometric analyses, and can it be explained by different scenarios such as a disrupted satellite, a dwarf galaxy, or a recent tidal disruption?
Can the formation of spirals in the (z,v_z) phase space of stars be explained by a simple model that considers the amplitude and frequency of the stars' vertical oscillations and the amplitude and angular velocity of the rotation curve of the galaxy, and is consistent with the observations?
What is the nature of the different populations co-existing in the disk of the Milky Way galaxy and their origin, as well as the selection functions and biases that affect the samples provided by different surveys, through the study of open clusters?
Does the deceleration of the Galactic bar, caused by dynamic friction from a typical dark matter halo, alter the shape of the Milky Way's gravitational potential and how does this affect the orbital distribution of stars in the disk?
What is the origin of the two distinct populations of stars in the halo of the Milky Way that differ in their chemical and kinematic characteristics, and how do they relate to the formation scenarios for the Milky Way's halo?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way stellar overdensity \textit{NGC 3627} and how are the bimodal [Mg/Fe] distribution and $\beta$-element pattern in the disc and the halo?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and measure the parameters of open clusters and dwarf spheroidals that are visible from the northern hemisphere?
Can the new Galaxy model by Gaia E-ELT synergy provide a consistent and accurate modeling framework for the Galaxy evolution, allowing for the reconstruction of the system's history and the prediction of its future?
What is the origin and properties of the HR 1614 moving group and how can it be explained by various mechanisms such as resonances with the Galactic bar, phase-mixing of dissolving spiral structure, and phase-mixing due to an external perturbation?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while accounting for spatial selection function and uncertainties in position-velocity observations?
Does the LAMOST Galactic Spectroscopic Survey (DR4) provide accurate radial velocities and chemical abundances measurements for millions of stars, and can it be used to investigate different aspects of the Milky Way, including the outermost kinematic and chemical substructures, the warp structure, and the kinematic and chemical properties of the halo?
Can the M2M algorithm PRIMAL accurately recover the global properties of the Milky Way-like disc using mock Gaia data constructed from an N-body barred galaxy with a boxy bulge in a known dark matter potential?
Is the presence of multiple populations (MPs) in Galactic Globular Clusters (GCs) a universal phenomenon across different environments and ages, and what factors influence the fractions of first-generation (1G) stars and second-generation (2G) stars in these clusters?
Is M62-VLA1 a candidate stellar-mass black hole in a globular cluster?
What are the parameters and abundances of Cepheids and their variations across different metallicities and alpha enhancement, and how do they compare to previous studies?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
What are the properties and distinct components of old populations in the Milky Way based on the metallicity distributions of fundamental-mode RR Lyrae stars detected by the OGLE survey?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while accounting for spatial selection function and uncertainties in position-velocity observations?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud, and how do the chemical and kinematical properties of the clusters relate to the host cloud environment and the possible accretion events?
Does the asymmetry of the spiral arms in the Solar neighborhood of the Galactic center result from a stochastic process or from some kind of precession?
Does the total matter budget of the Milky Way Galaxy match the observed mass and number counts of luminous stars, indicating that the galaxy is in equilibrium?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the dominant heating mechanism of the hot molecular gas observed towards SgrA* and how does it relate to the observed line-of-sight velocity distribution and molecular cloud properties?
Does the clustered nature of star formation create a high degree of structure in the combined phase and chemical space in the Galactic disk, which can be identified through the unique birthplaces of stars and the chemical signatures left behind in the disk?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the improved algorithms and models provide a clearer picture of the structure and origin of the thin disc and enable the study of its kinematics, chemical composition, and birthplaces?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate cluster members, and determine the cluster's parameters, including Galactic abundance distributions?
Can the GALAH survey, using HERMES instrument at the Anglo-Australian Telescope, determine the stellar parameters and abundances for up to one million stars and trace the Milky Way's history through the chemical and kinematical properties of its stellar populations?
What is the origin of the detected star formation burst 2-3 Gyr ago in the Galactic thin disc domain and is it intrinsic to the disc or does it originate from a perturbation such as a recent large accretion event?
What is the escape speed curve of the Milky Way and how does it relate to the dark matter mass and concentration?
Can a neural network be used to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocities from astrometry in surveys such as Gaia and provide a more comprehensive understanding of the Milky Way's kinematic and chemical properties, even without complete phase-space information?
Is there a mechanism capable of reducing the dark mass enclosed by some of the faintest dwarf galaxies, such as the $L'$ dwarf, or could the presence of a massive black hole in the center of the galaxy suppress the formation of these systems?
Does the internal motion of the thin and thick disk of the Milky Way have a common pattern and can it be predicted using stellar parameters and proper motions?
Can the OCCASO second data release provide a homogeneously analysed sample of open clusters that allows for the construction of chemical maps and the search for interesting stellar systems such as the overdensity that contains the triple system $\omega$ Centauri, 47 Tucanae, and NGC 4372?
Can the current methods of deriving structural and dynamical properties of star clusters using steady-state analytic models and observables be improved to reduce uncertainties in mass, mass function, and anisotropy estimation, and provide more accurate predictions?
Does the inclusion of the effects of the Milky Way galaxy on its subhalo population in the simulation suite Phat ELVIS provide a solution to the classic "missing satellites" problem in cosmological simulations?
What is the dependence of the galactocentric position on the age-chemical clock relationship in the Galactic disc, and how is it related to the radial variation of the star formation history and the yields of s-process elements from low and intermediate-mass stars?
Does the Gaia DR2 parallax dataset have a bias that needs to be corrected, and can Bayesian distances and the statistical method of Schoenrich, Binney & Asplund (2012) be used to validate and test the Gaia parallax dataset accuracy?
What is the source of the observed kinematic asymmetry in the Milky Way disk beyond the local neighborhood and how does it vary with distance and spatial scales?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars within a certain distance from the Galactic center, and how does it relate to the bimodality in the chemical evolution models?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of APOGEE-DR14 element abundances and Gaia-DR2 kinematics?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a small sample of metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can the StarGO algorithm, which identifies the main galactic kinematic and chemical components in a data-driven way, be used to characterize the kinematics and chemistry of the thin and thick disks and provide insights into their formation and evolution?
Can the behavior of uncertainties in Gaia DR2 parallaxes be characterized and a procedure for the calculation of distances to stars and stellar clusters be provided?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population?
What is the metallicity gradient of the Galactic disc and is there a possible break in the gradient at a certain Galactocentric radius?
Can the Bayesian framework, with priors based on Gaia DR2 data, be used to accurately estimate distances, metallicity, and interstellar reddening for millions of stars and open clusters, and provide a consistent and quantifiable reddening law for the Galaxy?
What is the completeness and purity of the new OGLE Collection of Galactic Cepheids, and what interesting objects can be found in it?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and provide insights into the chemical and dynamical evolution of the Galactic disk?
Can the James Webb Space Telescope be used to observe and study galaxies resembling the main progenitor of the Milky Way, named the Bridger-Santana galaxy, and trace their build-up through the study of their building blocks, known as building blocks factories?
What is the total number and galactic abundance of Wolf-Rayet stars and how do their subtypes vary radially, and which models for their evolution are most consistent with observations?
What is the origin of the non-Gaussianity observed in the galaxy power spectrum at low redshifts, and how can it be explained by different scenarios such as dark matter, modified gravity, or perturbations in the early Universe?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data analysis framework be used to systematically process and compare observations from different telescopes and surveys to establish a comprehensive catalogue of variables, including estimates of distances and metallicities?
Is the postulated warp structure in the Milky Way's stellar halo caused by a tidal disruption event that ejected a large fraction of the debris into the warp, as opposed to the more commonly considered tidal tail scenario?
Can the improved values of stellar parameters from GALAH+ third data release be used to construct accurate age models for open clusters and provide insights into the chemodynamical evolution of the Galactic thin and thick disk?
Is the existence of multiple comoving groups of stars in the Solar neighbourhood due to the resonance of non-axisymmetric structures such as the Galactic bar or spiral arms and can the Hercules stream be explained by including an m = 4 Fourier component in a model for the velocity distribution function?
What is the origin of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical signature and bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Milky Way halo?
What is the three-dimensional distribution of interstellar dust grains in the Milky Way and the effects of different production scenarios on their scale heights and orientation?
Are the 19 new pulsationally clumped proper motion candidates identified in Galactic open clusters related to old hydrogen-rich debris from a massive merger event and can their chemical composition and pulsation properties provide information on the merger history of the Galaxy?
Can the VVV survey near-infrared photometry be used to better characterize variable stars in the highly crowded and reddened regions of the Milky Way bulge and disk?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the source of the observed kinematic asymmetry in the Milky Way disk beyond the local neighborhood and how does it vary with distance and spatial scales?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize the kinematically distinct substructure in the inner halo that previously had been predicted by theoretical simulations?
What is the complex star formation history of the Upper Scorpius and Ophiuchus star-forming regions and how are the subgroups within the region related in terms of age and origin?
Can the observed misalignment between the debris track and the streaming velocity in the Orphan Stream be explained by a scenario where a single massive perturbation caused a phase-space distortion that created conditions for the formation of a small sub-structure in the debris field?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What are the absolute number and density profiles of different types of stars in the solar neighborhood, and how can they be used as an anchor for studies of the initial mass function, stellar evolution, and galactic structure?
What is the cause of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does the abundance pattern of iron-peak elements differ in high-MDF and low-MDF environments?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What is the distance to Reticulum located in the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) globular cluster Reticulum and can mid-infrared period-luminosity (PL) relations be used to accurately determine this distance?
Can the local dark matter density of the solar system be accurately determined using a novel method based on stellar distribution and vertical velocity dispersion profiles, and what constraints can be derived from it?
Can the use of a generalised JJ model for the distribution of hot electrons in the solar atmosphere explain the observed dependencies of various types of solar events in terms of the parameters of the model?
Can the new Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant stream?
What is the impact of accreted stars on the chemical and kinematic properties of host galaxies, and what is the cause of the "ping-pong" oscillations observed in the kinematics of stars born in a accreted galaxy?
Can the combination of Gaia DR3 radial velocities and spectroscopically derived atmospheric parameters be used to accurately determine the ages, initial stellar masses, and reddening of stars younger than 5 billion years, and can this sample be used to investigate age differences in the outer Galactic disk and the cause of the ridges and dips in the chemical and kinem?
What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way disc's stellar kinematics, and how does it constrain the galaxy's mass distribution and dark halo properties?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer disc populations vary in terms of their heating and kinematics compared to inner disc populations?
What are the independent dynamical components of the Milky Way stellar halo in terms of age and orbital parameters, and can a model be built that accurately predicts the star counts in different bands and has a consistent spatial distribution of the components?
What is the main factor driving the formation/evolution of second population stars in Galactic Globular Clusters, and how does it relate to the cluster mass, escape velocity, and other structural properties?
Can the VVV survey data be transformed onto the 2MASS system to enable the construction of longer baseline spectral energy distributions for astronomical targets, and can this technique be used to establish a baseline for the Gaia-ESO survey data?
Can a non-parametric method using extinction measurements towards stars at different locations in the Galaxy be used to infer the most probable 3D distribution of dust, including along sight lines that were not observed?
Can the dynamics of tidally induced spiral arms in the Milky Way be studied and compared to N-body simulations and observational constraints using a specific model for the Milky Way's potential?
What is the contribution of the debris from the Helmi streams to the formation and build-up of the Milky Way's halo in terms of its field stars and globular clusters?
Is the existence and dynamics of the stellar debris stream associated with NGC 7006 influenced by the presence of a moving Large Magellanic Cloud?
What is the explanation for the over-abundance of barium compared to iron in open clusters and what is the gradient of its abundance as a function of [Fe/H]?
Do the dynamics of tidally induced spiral arms in the Milky Way Galaxy depend on the strength of the perturbation and the orbital eccentricity of the planets, and can they be modeled using a family of models that include the effects of the bar, outflows, and other perturbations?
What is the cause of the observed kinematic differences between the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362 and its known tidal dwarf spheroidal galaxy candidate, and how do they provide strong constraints on the mass of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What is the distribution and classification of variable stars in the metal-rich Galactic globular cluster NGC 6652, and how do they compare to variables in other open clusters, variables in the field, and constant stars?
What is the origin and properties of the HR 1614 moving group and how can it be explained by different scenarios such as disruption by a massive object, phase-mixing of stellar populations, or kinematic substructure in the halo?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the catalog of stellar parameters in the Gaia Data Release 2, and potentially lead to a better understanding of the various sources of systematic errors in parametrization of the Gaia photometric samples?
Do the chemical and kinematical properties of the oldest and thickest part of the Galactic disk, the so-called "colder stellar overdensity", as well as the recently formed massive stars in the Orion-Taurus overdensity, show any correlation with the oldest and thickest part of the disk?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-CL160, a newly identified overdense stellar cluster in the Galactic bulge, using spectroscopic and photometric data?
Are the observed breathing motions in the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of barred systems and a key element in understanding the dynamics and properties of these systems?
What are the metallicity gradients of the Galactic thick disk in the radial and vertical directions and how do they differ between thin and thick disk stars?
What is the pattern speed of the Milky Way's halo and can it be accurately determined using proper motion data from VIRAC and Gaia?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning algorithm and photometric H-band isochrones help to accurately determine the masses, ages, and distances of millions of stars, leading to a more complete and precise catalogue of the Milky Way and providing a valuable test bed for mass-luminosity relations, stellar evolution models, and distance methods?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf spheroidals and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Is the double red clump phenomenon in high latitude fields of the Milky Way bulge caused by the presence of multiple populations in metal-rich globular clusters rather than an X-shaped structure originating from bar instability?
What is the vertical spatial structure of the Galactic thin disc at the range of Galactocentric radii from 6 to 15 kpc, and how does it relate to the formation scenarios of the thick and thin discs?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations to derive a more accurate model for the gravitational potential and constrain the distance scale from systemic proper motions measured by Gaia?
What is the mass of the Milky Way and its anisotropy using the kinematics of halo globular clusters determined by Gaia?
What is the effect of the selection function on the metallicity distribution function and the vertical metallicity gradient in different spectroscopic surveys, and how can this information be used to improve predictions of the metallicity distribution function and gradient?
What is the present-day radial metallicity distribution in the thin disk of the Milky Way and how does it support or challenge models of disk formation and evolution?
Can the Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream associated with NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can a non-parametric and smooth model for the underlying velocity field be constructed using a sparse Gaussian process algorithm, and can this model help identify regions in the local disk that may be undergoing compression and rarefaction?
Is the anomalous halo star 22593757-4648029, with extreme Mg and Al abundances, a result of being ejected from the Galactic center at a young age, as suggested by its kinematics and chemical composition?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Can the spatial distribution of elemental abundances in the disc of our Galaxy provide insights into its assembly process and subsequent evolution?
What is the role of chemical space information in reconstructing dissolved star clusters, and can kinematics and chemistry complement each other in identifying dissolved star clusters in the Galaxy?
What is the detailed spatial dependence of the Galactic bulge populations and the proportion of metal-rich and metal-poor components in each field, and how do they affect the chemo-kinematical properties of the structures that make up the bulge?
Can the INT Galactic Plane Survey (IGAPS) point source catalogue be used to identify emission line stars and variable stars in the Galactic coordinate range?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, compared to ground-based surveys?
What is the nature and origin of the significant residual detected in the Milky Way halo model at specific radii, as identified through the cross-matching of Gaia data and 2MASS, and how can their effects be understood and limited in order to improve cosmological models of the universe?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the heart of the galaxy, and constrain the dynamical mass of the galaxy?
Does the morphology of horizontal branch stars in globular clusters have a correlation with their chemical composition and can it provide information on the formation routes of different types of stars?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and provide a blueprint for future spectroscopic surveys?
What is the shape of the Galactic potential and how accurate are the current formation models for hypervelocity stars (HVSs) and runaway stars?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a small sample of metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates within the cluster, and constrain the dynamical mass and binarity probability of the cluster?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
Does the supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy have a larger tidal charge than expected due to the presence of a massive dwarf spheroidal galaxy, and could future LISA measurements be used to constrain the galaxy's potential and measure the dark matter density within 100 kpc of the galaxy's center?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the double-peaked metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 DR4 dataset, and how does the chemical and kinematic substructure within it relate to the formation of the peaks?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect new stellar streams and provide insights into the properties of the Galactic acceleration field on various scales?
Can the new space telescope Gaia detect the kinematic signature of a few-percent substructure in the tidal stream of the globular cluster M13 and confirm the existence of a tidal tail and a debris trail in our galaxy?
Is there a linear and constant radial gradient of O/H and N/H in the Galactic thin disc, and are there any significant deviations from chemical homogeneity in the outer parts of the thin disc?
What are the precise chemical properties and abundances of stars in the Sequoia retrograde kinematic overdensity and how do they compare to other Galactic building blocks such as Gaia-Enceladus?
Can the LAMOST Galactic Spectroscopic Survey (DR4) be used to obtain accurate stellar parameters and abundances for open clusters and improve our understanding of the dynamics and dynamical evolution of the Milky Way?
Can the MADE approach, which utilizes a Bayesian artificial neural network trained on microlensing events, detect and characterize the extended stellar matter profile of black holes in the Milky Way and provide a complementary approach to traditional microlensing surveys?
Does the chemical composition and abundance patterns of distant stars provide evidence of the formation of the Milky Way's halo and outer thin disk?
What is the role of infall, outflow, and star formation efficiency in the formation of the thick disc of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 $T_1$ sample, and how can constraints on the chemical evolution models for Galactic globular clusters be derived from them?
Is the existence and dynamics of the stellar debris stream associated with NGC 7089 influenced by the presence of a moving Large Magellanic Cloud?
What are the key dynamical properties and velocity dispersion profiles of the Galactic halo, and what is the anisotropy profile ($\beta$) of blue horizontal branch stars in open clusters associated with the spiral arms?
Can the new algorithm called STREAMFINDER detect even ultra-faint stream features lying well below previous detection limits in Galactic stellar surveys containing any combination of positional and kinematic information?
What is the most accurate and robust method for determining the absolute proper motions of stars within the Gaia data pipeline, and how does it compare to methods from the literature?
Do the chemical inhomogeneities observed in the Milky Way's younger stars correlate with the location of spiral arms, indicating that the spiral arms are the origin of these chemical features?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance, radial velocity, and kinematics of its stars?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of APOGEE-DR14 element abundances and Gaia-DR2 kinematics?
Do open clusters provide a unique and reliable way to trace the history of the chemical elements distribution throughout the Galactic disk, and do they exhibit different patterns compared to field stars due to the higher probability of destruction of the former if they have migrated significantly?
What is the dynamical age of the Tucana-Aquila moving group and does it reconcile with the previously reported stellar ages?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the APOGEE-Gaia collaboration's methods provide accurate estimates of stellar parameters, distances, and chemodynamical abundances for millions of stars and reveal spatial and kinematic structures in the halo, as well as the formation of the local thick disk?
What is the effect of the selection function on the metallicity distribution function and the vertical metallicity gradient in different spectroscopic surveys?
What is the Galactic abundance gradient of several chemical and isotope systems in the inner and outer regions of the Galactic thin disk, and how do they differ from what has been inferred so far based on local abundance ratios?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Is the main spiral potential of the Milky Way galaxy two-armed and can the Sagittarius arm be considered a major arm or just a minor one?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Is there a connection between solar motion and biodiversity variations on Earth, and can this connection be positively identified using paleontological data?
What is the total number and galactic distribution of Wolf-Rayet stars and how do their subtypes vary radially, and which models for their evolution are most consistent with observations?
What is the accurate distance to the Galactic center (DC) and how does varying the reddening towards DC affect the obtained distance?
What is the age, distance, and interstellar reddening of the globular cluster NGC 5904, and what are the possible options for an explanation for the observed colours and brightnesses of its stars?
Is the postulated "sausage" model of a dwarf galaxy a good approximation for explaining observed features in the space density and velocity distribution of its stars, and can the model's parameters be constrained using a maximum likelihood method?
What is the source of intra-cluster medium pollution in NGC 6522 and what evidence exists for multiple generations of stars in the cluster?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-rich spectroscopic surveys?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal disruption?
What is the mass of the Milky Way's dark matter halo and how does it relate to the observed position and velocity of the Leo I dwarf spheroidal galaxy?
What is the internal structure and kinematics of the Sagittarius dwarf spheroidal galaxy (Sgr) and can it be explained by existing $N$-body models?
Is the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic bulge caused by different distributions of $\alpha$-abundances for metal-rich and metal-poor components?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the evolution of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, specifically their metallicity and velocity trends, and can the use of Gaia DR2 astrometry improve our understanding of this relationship?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Gaia-Enceladus galaxy correlate with the strength of its tidal disruption disk, and can this connection be used to constrain the mass of the galaxy and the initial mass function of its progenitor?
Can Gaia kinematics and APOGEE elemental abundances accurately distinguish between stars formed in situ and those that have been accreted, and can these methods be used to provide insights into the properties of accreted populations such as the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus and Sequoia events?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical signature and bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) curve in the Milky Way bulge?
What is the detailed structure of the spiral arms and associated phenomena in the outer Galaxy, including the spiral pattern in the distribution of young stars, the "wind" of stars moving in a spiral pattern outside the arms, and the phenomenon of "sausage" in the outer Galaxy?
What is the explanation for the arm-like overdensity of stars in the Milky Way bulge that is velocity-sensitive to the Galactic center and has a larger bimodal metallicity distribution than its counter-part in the disk?
Can the accurate spectroscopic and astrometric information of identified member stars of the GD-1 cold stellar stream help in modeling its origin, and placing strong constraints on the mass distribution and gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can the kinematic behavior of the Open Cluster population over time, as studied through their distributions and orbital properties, provide insights into the evolution of the Milky Way and the dependence of known moving groups on age?
What is the extent and nature of the warp in the stellar disk of the Milky Way and can it be explained by an external, gravitationally induced phenomenon?
Does the metallicity of stars in the Milky Way's halo vary with their distance from the Galactic center, and can this be used to estimate the Milky Way's mass and dark halo properties?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance, radial velocity, and kinematics of its stars?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by various dynamical effects or a perturbation from a dwarf galaxy?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor systems of the Milky Way correlate with the metallicity of the acquired systems, and can this correlation be used to constrain the time of the most important accretion event in the galaxy's history?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Are the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy's thick disk that are observed to have different metallicity distribution functions formed at comparable times and does their distribution in the Galaxy provide tighter link between the red-sequence stars and the thick-disk?
Can a neural network be trained using photometry and parallax measurements for millions of stars and be used to accurately infer their metallicities and distances without relying on a priori information about the target galaxy or sample stars?
Can the spatial distribution of elemental abundances in the disc of our Galaxy provide insights into its assembly process and subsequent evolution, as well as the stellar nucleosynthesis of different elements produced at different times?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the local stellar halo of the Milky Way, including the high energy retrograde component and the low energy anisotropously moving component?
What is the metallicity gradient of the Galactic disc and is there a possible break in the gradient at a certain Galactocentric radius?
What is the nature and origin of the double color-magnitude sequence observed in the Gaia DR2 catalog, specifically the [O/Fe] vs. [Fe/H] sequence, and how does it relate to the presence of metal-poor stars, halo stars, and stars with chemical anomalies?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the nature of the low-mass halo in the Milky Way and what are the properties of the progenitors and their accretion history?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Are the Galactic globular clusters single-population objects with respect to their current chemical composition, and are there any signs of ongoing mild chemical enrichment or siphoning of young stars' material into them?
Can the new \textit{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Is the Galactic evolution of the two [$\alpha$/Fe]-based age indicators consistent with the known features of the Milky Way's chemical and dynamical history?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity and chemical abundance information be used to identify and characterize merger debris in the local stellar halo, leading to the discovery of new substructures and further understanding of the origins of the halo's substructure?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can the H3 Stellar Spectroscopic Survey complement Gaia data to identify and reveal the hierarchical assembly and accretion history of our Galaxy's outer stellar halo?
What is the mass of the Milky Way halo that best explains the kinematics of its dwarf galaxies, and what does this suggest about the existence of a population of yet-to-be-discovered distant dwarf galaxies?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor a supermassive black hole that is frequently ejected and sweeps the midplane of the cluster, contributing to the known ejection sites of stellar-mass black holes in globular clusters?
Can the mass of the Milky Way be inferred by comparing the kinematics of its satellite galaxies with those of model satellites in cosmological hydrodynamical simulations?
What are the characteristics and properties of simulated Milky Way-mass haloes that have undergone both a Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage merger and a recent accretion of a Large Magellanic Cloud, including their progenitor masses, color-magnitude diagram location, morphology, and number of satellite galaxies?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate cluster members, and determine the cluster's parameters, including Galactic abundance patterns?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in globular cluster NGC 2419?
What is the most accurate and robust method for determining the distance to open clusters and how does it compare to the methods typically used in the literature?
What is the relationship between metallicity and Galactocentric distance for open clusters, and how does it relate to chemical enrichment mechanisms and the winding of open clusters?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance, radial velocity, and kinematical properties of its stars?
Can a machine learning model reliably identify extended stellar halo stars, even when their full phase-space information is not available, using data from the Gaia DR2 release?
What is the effect of mass-loss at red giant branch and He spread on the distribution of horizontal branch stars in globular clusters and what is the mass and age of the progenitor cluster of NGC 1851?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and provide insights into the bimodal metallicity distribution function and chemical enrichment patterns in the innermost regions of the cluster?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemical composition, spatial distribution, and kinematics provide insights into its formation scenarios?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
What is the total number and galactic abundance of Wolf-Rayet stars and how do their subtypes vary radially, and which models for their evolution are most consistent with observations?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What is the distance to Reticulum located in the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) globular cluster Reticulum and can mid-infrared period-luminosity (PL) relations be used to accurately determine this distance?
What is the formation and evolution model of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and in the Large Magellanic Cloud, and what are the differences and similarities between them?
Is there a strong correlation between the velocity distribution of stars and dark matter substructure in the Solar neighborhood, and can the overlap of these distributions be used to constrain the properties of dark matter?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct parts, an inner and outer halo, and can the kinematics of satellite galaxies provide evidence for this hypothesis?
Does the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the leading and trailing tidal tails of globular clusters support the theory of Newtonian gravitation or the Milgromian dynamics (MOND) and can the K\"upper epicyclic overdensities provide a way to constrain the strength of the gravitational potential of the galaxy and the axial ratio of?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any other metric?
What is the source of intra-cluster medium pollution in NGC 6522 and what evidence exists for multiple generations of stars in the cluster?
What is the proper motion of stars within the Galactic globular cluster 47 Tucanae and how can a statistical method using small samples of co-moving stars be used to accurately determine its value?
What is the nature and origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does it relate to the bimodal red giant branch, which is a signature of chemical imbalance?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud, and how do the chemical and kinematical properties of stars in different environments relate to their birthplaces?
Can the end-of-mission crowding treatment in Gaia data, which will be available in 2022-2023, provide sufficient quality for the faintest stars and allow for the determination of proper motions, parallaxes, kinematics, and photometry in different spectral ranges?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct parts, an inner and outer halo, and can the kinematics of red giant stars be used to identify and characterize them?
Can the Gaia satellite's unique capabilities provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of the cross-section of the Milky Way's disk and allow for the construction of local velocity distributions and characterize the outer disk, and provide a less-biased method for determining the disk's parameters?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Does the rotational velocity of the galactic halo decrease linearly with increasing distance from the galactic center, and can it be modeled using the Spitzer catalog?
Can the behavior of the dominant spiral mode in a galaxy-sized disc be investigated using a $\Lambda$-model for the velocity field and a finite-time Fourier transform approach to the time-dependent potential?
Does the misalignment between stream tracks and systemic proper motion of stellar streams suggest a systematic gravitational influence from a large dark mass component in the Milky Way halo, and can a model be constructed to quantitatively fit both data sets and constrain the properties of the halo?
What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way disc's stellar kinematics, and how does it constrain the galaxy's mass distribution and dark halo properties?
What is the origin of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct orbital properties and chemical characteristics from the rest of the Milky Way's dwarf stars, and do they provide insights into the history of the Milky Way and the accretion of external systems?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way stellar overdensity \textit{NGC 362} and how likely is it to survive 4 billion years of gravitational evolution?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer disc populations vary in terms of their heating and kinematics compared to inner disc populations?
What is the initial size and temperature distribution of the disc of our Galaxy and how does it relate to the formation of the Milky Way and the energy budget of the young stellar population?
Can a machine learning model reliably identify extended stellar halo stars, even when their full phase-space information is not available, using data from the Gaia DR2 release?
What is the metallicity gradient of the Galactic disk and is there a possible break in the gradient at a certain Galactocentric radius?
Does the heavy element pattern in the Milky Way bulge consistent with a chemical enrichment from a central massive dwarf galaxy?
What is the origin of the Hercules stream in nearby stars and is it dominated by resonant perturbations from the Galactic bar or a progenitor accretion event?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population in the Milky Way and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event?
Can the formation of a new warp in the Milky Way's disk be inhibited by the presence of a large stellar mass black hole in a simulation that accurately accounts for the effects of rotational velocities and self-gravity?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What is the role of chemical space information in reconstructing dissolved star clusters, and can kinematics and chemical abundances accurately distinguish between in-situ and effusive star formation scenarios?
Are the two outer streams of the Milky Way halo system, called the Outer Arm and the Outer Spiral Arm, kinematically distinct from each other and do they have a different origin?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the different behaviors of the dominant spiral modes in N-body simulations of barred and unbarred galaxies, and how can understanding the origins of these behaviors help constrain the parameters of galaxy formation models?
Can the minimum-energy-path method be used to accurately determine the orbital parameters and chemical abundances of stars from the Gaia dataset?
Does the morphology of horizontal branch stars in globular clusters have features that distinguish between stars that were born in-situ and those that were accreted?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular cluster candidates and determine their physical parameters and origin?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
What is the cause of the significant difference in metallicity between open clusters of the same age, and how can the observed discrepancy at Gaia-ESO Survey targets be explained?
What is the effect of different forms of Gaussian likelihoods on the estimation of the primordial non-Gaussianity parameter fnl from the galaxy angular power spectrum, and how can potential systematic errors in likelihoods and estimators be addressed in order to minimize biases in parameter estimation?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galactic center, and can this method be calibrated and validated using simulation data?
Is there a strong correlation between the velocity distribution of stars and dark matter at the solar circle and the density profile of dark matter?
What is the age, distance, and interstellar reddening of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362, and what are the structural and chemical properties of its member stars?
What is the velocity distribution and chemical composition of white dwarfs in the Galactic disk, and what can that information tell us about the dynamical mixing of populations within the disk?
What is the total number of Milky Way globular clusters and their various parameters, such as distance, metallicity, and number of generations, which can be determined through the identification and spectroscopic analysis of an extensive sample of these objects?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark-matter halo?
Does the most accurate model for the dynamics of a galactic disc, including new terms such as time-dependent self-gravity and time-dependent tidal heating, accurately predict the long-term evolution of different components and the phase-space distribution, and how do selection effects and observational limitations affect the test of this model?
What is the relationship between the mass lost from globular clusters over time and the stellar mass function, and how does understanding this relationship provide insight into the initial mass function and the calibration of supernova explosion models?
Can the Besancon Galaxy Model be used to accurately predict the spatial distribution of stars in the Milky Way and identify regions of star depletion and abundance?
Can the chemically peculiar and hypervelocity star HVS17 be used to measure the Milky Way's gravitational potential and confirm that it is consistent with being dark matter dominated?
Are the low-latitude globular clusters Terzan 10 and Djorgovski 1 part of the Galactic bulge or were they accreted at an early epoch?
What is the metallicity and distance of the globular cluster NGC 1261, and are there any new variable stars present in the region?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way halo, as determined through spectroscopic and photometric analyses?
What is the detailed structure and origin of the different kinematic components of the Hercules moving group, including the "dirty" and "clean" subsystems, and how do they compare to predictions from dynamic modeling and observational constraints?
Does the multiple-population phenomenon observed in Magellanic Clouds also occur in nearby open clusters, and are these systems the young counterparts of globular clusters with multiple populations?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 dataset, and how does it relate to the bimodal alpha-rich/poor and light/heavy element systems observed in the dataset?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Do the chemical compositions, ages, kinematics, and orbital eccentricities of different types of stars in the Milky Way provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy's structure?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV survey allow for the construction of a precise distance ladder for open clusters and provide evidence for the reliability of the methodology?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way disc's stellar kinematics, and how does it constrain the galaxy's mass distribution and dark halo properties?
What is the detailed analysis of variable stars in NGC 7006 based on CCD photometric time-series, and what is their spatial distribution and origin?
Can the VVV survey near-infrared photometry be used to better characterize variable stars in the highly crowded and reddened regions of the Milky Way bulge and disk?
Can the presented method based on a nearest neighbors algorithm applied over spatial coordinates, star color, and proper motions detect and confirm true stellar streams based on their pattern speed and shape?
Does the Hercules stream in the Milky Way consist of stars that were ejected from the globular cluster M 13, as predicted by a cosmological hydrodynamical simulation?
What are the absolute number and density profiles of different types of stars in the solar neighborhood, and how can they be used as an anchor for studies of the initial mass function, stellar evolution, and Galactic structure?
Can the Gaia satellite's precise parallax measurements be used to determine the age of stars and confirm the accuracy of their spectral types?
Can a novel approach of consistently populating star particles with stars, including in enclosed environments such as the Large Magellanic Cloud, be used to construct a theoretical catalogue of the properties of the local stellar population?
Can the OCCASO second data release provide a homogeneously analysed sample of Open Clusters that allows for the construction of chemical maps and the study of the kinematics and age relations in the outer Galactic disk?
What is the origin of the detected star formation burst 2-3 Gyr ago in the Galactic thin disc domain and is it intrinsic to the disc or is an external perturbation needed for its explanation?
Can the behavior of uncertainties in Gaia EDR3 parallax measurements be characterized and a procedure for the calculation of distances to stars and stellar clusters be provided?
Can the MADE approach, which uses a Bayesian artificial neural network trained on asteroseismology data, successfully generate accurate mass, age, and distance estimates for red giant stars using a combination of astrometric, photometric, and spectroscopic data?
What is the selection function of the Gaia DR2 radial velocity sample, and how can it be quantitatively and accurately modeled to infer properties of the Milky Way?
What is the present-day radial metallicity gradient in the Galactic thin disc, and how does it provide constraints on models of disc formation and evolution?
Does the most up-to-date version of the Gaia space telescope's astrometric catalog, as of February 2020, have a lower systematic error than the previous catalog, and can the new catalog be used to perform a blind test of astrometry for the Next Generation Space Telescope?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide information on the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Do the massive Galactic clusters have a bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) indicating two different chemical components, one high-Mg and high-alpha, and the other low-Mg and low-alpha, and what are the possible formation scenarios for these two populations?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
Can the Hubble Space Telescope be used to measure proper motions of old and intermediate-age open clusters and compare the results with Gaia data?
What is the age of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 1261 and how does it compare to previous determinations using Gaia DR2 proper motions and Bayesian age modeling?
Do the chemical inhomogeneities observed in the Milky Way's younger stars correlate with the location of spiral arms, indicating that the spiral arms are the origin of the chemical inhomogeneities?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Do the kinematic properties of Open Clusters differ from those expected for isotropic relaxation and can the bisection method be used to measure them and test theories of gravity?
Can the MAVISIM tool accurately simulate the astrometry of the MAVIS MCAO system, and can MAVIS detect an intermediate mass black hole in a Milky Way globular cluster?
What are the total V-band magnitudes and mass-to-light ratios of Galaxy globular clusters, and how do they vary across different large samples of clusters?
Are the chemical and kinematic properties of the oldest and newest objects in the Milky Way's disc symmetric, and do they provide evidence for the non-stationary chemical evolution of the Galaxy?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the formation and evolution of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies, specifically the velocity anisotropy parameter $\beta$?
What is the detailed chemical and kinematical makeup of the Galactic thin and thick disk, and how do they differ at different metallicities?
Can the formation of spirals in the (z,v_z) phase space of stars be explained by a simple model that considers the amplitude and frequency of stars' orbital precession and the tidal force exerted by large neighbors?
What is the best approximation of the local U-V velocity field due to orbital motion in the local area around the Sun, and how does it affect the calculation of the line-of-sight velocities of any given star?
What is the kinematics of the Galactic bar-bulge and how does it relate to the proper motions measured by the VVV and Gaia surveys?
Does the 3D Two-Point Correlation Function (3D 2PCF) effectively quantify substructure in the Milky Way's stellar halo, and can it be used to constrain the accretion history of the galaxy?
Can the analysis of LAMOST DR4 M giants plus Gaia DR2 TGAS parallaxes be used to construct a star catalogue with accuracies required for future spectroscopic surveys, while providing a homogeneous catalogue with uniform reduction and full parallax information?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while accounting for spatial selection function and uncertainties in position-velocity observations?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct orbital properties and chemical characteristics previously claimed to be candidate hypervelocity stars?
Are the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy's thick disk that are observed to have different metallicity distribution functions formed at comparable times and does their distribution in the Galaxy provide tighter constraints on the chemical evolution models of the thick disk?
Can a color-based method using Pan-STARRS grz and WISE W1 and W2 photometry reliably identify red giant branches and distinguish between halo and dwarf origins in globular clusters?
Can the new Galactic abundance database, with precise values for the $\alpha$-enhancements of up to 24 elements, be used to investigate different chemical patterns in different regions of the Galaxy, and can it be combined with information on the $\beta$-processes to establish a global Galactic chronology?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and understand the dynamics of the Galactic disk by studying their kinematics?
What is the mass of the Milky Way and its anisotropy using the kinematics of halo globular clusters determined by Gaia?
What is the formation and evolution model of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and in the Large Magellanic Cloud, and how do the observations compare to the predictions of the models?
What is the origin of the Hercules stream in nearby stars and is it predominantly formed in situ or is an external perturbation needed for its formation?
What is the initial mass function (IMF) of a large sample of open clusters, specifically the low-mass IMF slope, and how does it relate to the astrophysical parameters of the clusters' progenitors?
What are the different formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 1261?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor an intermediate mass black hole that experiences very little or no viscous heating due to its low accretion rate?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and characterize the Galactic stellar populations, specifically the high-velocity tail of the disc, and provide a different and complementary perspective on the structure and history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the asymmetric velocity structure in the Milky Way disk between 2 kpc and 6 kpc from the Galactic center, and can it be explained by a variety of mechanisms such as spiral arms, spiral structure, and dynamic shearing?
