What is the origin of a group of kinematically and chemically distinct halo stars in the Solar neighborhood, and how do their trajectories and chemical composition provide evidence for the disrupted accretion event of a dwarf galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Do young stars in the Perseus arm exhibit coherent outward motion with a possible convergence zone near the W3/W4/W5 region?
How does the contraction of dark matter halo leads to a significant reduction in the required dark matter density to account for the observed overdensity of stars in the solar neighborhood, and what implications does this have for the interpretation of cosmological observations and the design of future experiments?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize the structures of the tidal debris field surrounding the Galactic globular cluster M67 and provide unprecedented constraints on the cluster's past tidal encounters?
What is the structure and properties of the outer Galactic disc, including the warp, ridges, and spiral arms, as determined by analyzing open clusters located in all four quadrants and incorporating accurate distance estimates and proper motion measurements?
What is the nature of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local open clusters, and how can the distribution function parameters (e.g., scale length, sigma_el, and metallicity-dependent alpha) be used to derive structural and chemical information about the clusters and the Galactic environment?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what implications does this have for the interpretation of observed kinematics and chemical properties in the disk and the bulge?
What are the different mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematic map of [$\alpha$/Fe] in the Galactic thin disc and how do they relate to the formation of different [$\alpha$/Fe] environments in the Galaxy?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
