Does the presence and amount of position-velocity substructure in the halo of the Milky Way depend on the selection function of the sample and whether substructures are defined by their kinematics or their morphology?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and measure the parameters of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that are not otherwise visible in the sky?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can the new Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and GALAH surveys to predict stellar parameters and abundances for open clusters, which can then be used to study the dynamical evolution of the Galactic disk?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Is there a connection between solar motion and biodiversity in the Southern Hemisphere?
What are the origins and properties of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct metallicity and chemical compositions in the solar neighbourhood, and how do their bimodal distributions in space and in metallicity space relate to their origin?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its formation be traced back to the first generation of stars?
Is there evidence of rotation in the kinematics of the disc of the Galaxy at large kinematics scales and is the spiral structure a universal characteristic of all disc galaxies?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its parameters (scale length, exponent, and location of the cut-off)? Does the bimodality in the MDF suggest the presence of two populations with different origins, one of which is a metal?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and distinguish open clusters that are associated with specific stellar streams, including those associated with the iconic Orion, Pleiades, and Triangulum streams?
What is the nature of the X-ray flares and quiescent spectra of the supermassive black hole Sgr A* in the center of our galaxy, and how do they compare among the brightest flares ever observed with different X-ray observatories?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does understanding the selection function of different mechanisms for accretion events and understanding the distribution of old stars in the solar neighborhood help in constraining the acceleration field?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify candidate stars associated with the classical dwarf spheroidals (dSph) beyond their nominal Galactic radii and provide evidence for the peripheral dSphs being extended through the Galactic halo?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor stars of the Gaia-Enceladus galaxy correlate with the metallicity of the accreted stellar population, and can this relationship be used to constrain the mass of the Gaia-Enceladus galaxy and verify whether it is a dwarf galaxy or not?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Is the observed strong flaring of the Milky Way disk consistent with it being dynamically heated by the repeated passage of the Sagittarius dwarf spheroidal galaxy through the midplane?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning approach reveal and characterize previously undetected open clusters and lead to a more precise estimate of the present-day cluster number function in the Milky Way?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with dwarf spheroidal galaxies?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable distance indicator?
Does the presence and amount of post-AGB stars in a sample of high-mass, metal-poor globular clusters correlate with the cluster's mean metallicity and can this be explained by a simple model for the chemical evolution of globular clusters?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometric data be used to detect structures in the local kinematic space and provide a complementary approach to the traditional radial velocity survey for detecting stellar streams?
What is the age and origin of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362, and can the heavy element patterns in the {\it Gaia} Early Data Release 3 catalogue be used to constrain the cluster's metallicity and provide a definitive answer?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor system of the Milky Way correlate with the strength of the star formation history in the system, and can it provide insight into the initial chemical enrichment of the proto-Milky Way?
Can a novel approach of consistently populating star particles with stars, tracing the history of the Milky Way's stellar population, in a way that avoids introducing bias, provide a way to build a statistically-complete catalogue of the known stellar content of the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars, and how does its parameters space and scale with metallicity, age, and birth mass?
Can a neural network approach using photometry and parallax with isochrones accurately estimate the masses and ages of red giant stars in the Milky Way galaxy, and can it be used to study the kinematics and structure of the disk, as well as provide a template for estimating the parameters of other open clusters?
Does the morphology and evolution of Mira pulsation period in Oxygen-rich Miras throughout the Milky Way disk and bulge provide evidence for the inside-out and upside-down formation of the Milky Way's disk, as well as the timing and structure of bar formation and buckling?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high-velocity stars in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population and how are they related to the bimodal \emph{r}-process abundance patterns observed in neutron-capture-activated Gaia-Enceladus dwarfs and in \textit{N/O}-enhanced metal-poor?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and GALAH surveys to investigate Galactic abundance trends?
What are the kinematic and chemical properties of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies in the Milky Way and how do they compare to their full-size galaxy hosts?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using a large body of data, including Gaia DR3, 2MASS, WISE, and SDSS, to construct a comprehensive, multidimensional, and chrono-dynamical catalogue of its components?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark-matter halo?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide a more accurate estimate of the solar motion component in the Galactic gravitational potential, and allow for better constraints on the dark matter component?
Does the metallicity distribution of the Galactic bulge reveal a correlation with the Galactocentric distance and can this be used to infer the bygone radial gradient in the disk?
Can a non-parametric and smooth model for the underlying velocity field be constructed using a sparse Gaussian process algorithm, and can this model help identify regions in the local disk that could be undergoing compression and rarefaction?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the physical parameters of its members and the chemical compositions of their progenitors?
Can the Gaia mission's astrometric and photometric data be used to estimate the age of the Milky Way and its disk components?
What are the possible progenitor stars and their mass evolution from the oldest to the youngest member of a triple star system and how do they relate to the observed chemical abundances and masses?
What are the possible origins of "young" [$\alpha$/Fe]-enhanced stars with ages between 6 and 8 Gyr, which were not detected in Gaia DR2, and how do their chemical and kinematic properties compare with other [$\alpha$/Fe]-enhanced stars?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machina, effectively identify probable star-forming regions in large data sets containing millions of stars without relying on any prior on the galaxy or the stellar distribution within it?
Can the new Galaxy model, which is a local, axisymmetric, and spherical model, accurately predict the number and distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and therefore serve as a test for alternative theories of gravity?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-velocity stars, and determine the Galactic potential?
Can the use of Gaia DR4 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide a more accurate estimate of the local U-V distance in the Milky Way, and lead to a better understanding of the gravitational potential of the galaxy?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What is the nature of the kinematic and chemical substructure of the thin and thick disks of the Milky Way and how do the kinematic and chemical properties of disk stars relate to their formation and evolution?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a result of a transient phenomenon or a long-lived stable feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular clusters and identify potential cluster members in the $Gaia$ sample of 1,694 open clusters?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and characterize distant halo streams in the Milky Way, including those associated with retrograde substructures such as $\beta$ Pictoris and create a catalogue of all known streams in the galaxy?
Can a non-parametric model for the underlying distribution of stellar positions in the Galactic disk be constructed using a sparse Gaussian process algorithm, and can this model be used to accurately estimate the effects of perturbations such as the Sagittarius dwarf spheroidal galaxy on the distribution of positions?
What are the origins and evolutionary mechanisms of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, one of the strangest and most enigmatic species of stars in the galaxy?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as identified through an exhaustive search of Gaia DR2 data for faint, diffuse stellar systems and the construction of a catalogue of these systems?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new version of the GALAH pipeline provide a more accurate estimation of the age distribution of the Milky Way's thin and thick disc, and help shed light on the history and formation of the thick disc?
What are the origins and characteristics of the four distinct kinematic overdensities observed in the outer halo of the Milky Way galaxy, and how do they improve our understanding of the accretion history of the galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's five-dimensional dataset be used to constrain the six-dimensional galaxy potential and measure the scale mass and scale radius of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Does the Milky Way bar cause more efficient sweeping of stellar orbits in the Galactic disk, and can this effect be used to identify and study the bar's influence on the kinematics of different disk populations?
What is the age of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 1261 and how does it compare to previous determinations?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometric and photometric data be used to estimate the age of the star-forming region Galactic Cave and the surrounding molecular cloud, and bring constraints on the star formation history of the Galaxy?
Can the use of chemical abundances and clustering analysis in the elemental abundance space improve the feasibility of chemical tagging within the thin disk population and enable the recovery of more open clusters' members?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocity space with higher Galactic longitude velocities than expected from the spiral density wave model, and how does it relate to the distribution of open clusters and dynamically older stellar populations?
Can a neural network be used to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocities from astrometry in surveys such as Gaia and provide a less-biased and scalable alternative to parallax-based methods?
What is the nature and origin of anomalous velocities and orbits in the Milky Way's stellar halo, and can they be explained by the presence of a population of dwarf spheroidal galaxies or some other external perturbation?
Can a machine learning model reliably identify extended stellar halo stars, even when their full phase-space information is not available, using data from the Gaia DR2 release?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a fundamental distance scale?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
What are the kinematic trends, structure, and origin of the Monoceros Ring in the Galactic disk, and can they be identified and distinguished from similar structures in overdense environments?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Is the observed strong flaring of the Milky Way disk consistent with it being dynamically unstable and could the flaring episodes in the past few billion years have shaken off the build-up of excess kinematic energy at the center?
What is the age and origin of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how does it compare to previous estimates?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a primordial origin and can it be used to constrain scenarios for the formation of the Milky Way and map the Galactic potential?
Is FSR1758 a globular cluster, and what are its orbital parameters and potential extra-tidal stars around it?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructure effects?
What are the different origins of the metal-rich, high-velocity stars known as the "halo" and "high-velocity thick disk"? Can the kinematics of [$\alpha$/Fe]-labeled stars be used to constrain the formation scenarios for these populations, and can the [$\alpha$/Fe] ratio be used to?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe disks of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer disk populations vary in terms of their heating and kinematics compared to inner disk populations?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity information from spectroscopic follow-up be used to identify and characterize merger debris in the disc, and can the distribution of these objects be quantified and used to constrain dynamical models of the Milky Way?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Does the metallicity and distance of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 2419 vary with the choice of isochrone and metallicity-dependent distance formula?
Can the use of the GALAH survey data help constrain models of the Galactic thin disc formation and evolution, particularly in the context of the dominant stellar population, and provide insights into the history and evolution of the thick and thin disc, the sub-samples of which were sampled at different times?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new version of the Besancon Galaxy model allow for the estimation of the total number of stars in the Milky Way and provide a test case for other Galaxy models?
Can the Gaia-ESO survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate cluster members, and determine the cluster's parameters, including Galactic abundance distributions?
What is the nature, origin, and properties of the different populations of stars observed in the different wavelength bands, and how do they relate to each other and to the theoretical predictions for the formation of the Milky Way?
Does the presence and amount of position-velocity substructure in the halo of the Milky Way depend on the selection criteria used to define a sample of halo stars and can it be used to constrain the accretion history of the galaxy and confirm that it is in a state of significant disequilibrium?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the catalog of classical Cepheids in the Milky Way and provide a first estimation of their diversity and distribution within different stellar populations?
What is the origin and properties of the low-metallicity, kinematically interesting dwarf galaxy known as \textit{Monoceros Ring}?
What is the age and origin of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 5904, and can the heavy element patterns in the stars observed in the cluster be used to confirm the cluster's globular status and provide evidence for its nuclear material origin?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular cluster candidates and determine their physical parameters and origin?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize metal-poor star systems in the halo, and provide evidence for the existence of a metal-poor stellar population that is distinct from the thin and thick disk?
Can the Gaia mission's astrometric data be used to perform a detailed analysis of the structure and substructure of the Galactic warp, including the identification of warp-like structures in the outer disk and the confirmation of previously-identified structures?
Does the morphology of horizontal branch stars in globular clusters have a common pattern across different isotropic sizes, and can it be used to establish an empirical connection between these objects and the past history of the cluster?
Does the metallicity distribution of the Galactic thin disc show a correlation with the chemical enrichment in different phases of disc formation?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how is it linked to the kinematic properties of the stellar halo and the accretion history of the bulge?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the accuracy of different kinematic models in predicting these properties?
What are the different physical mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how do they depend on factors such as metallicity, kinematics, and properties?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
What is the nature, assembly history, and dynamical history of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-CL160, an odd-numbered helium-rich white dwarf with a distinct tail in its velocity distribution, and how likely is it to be a result of random perturbations?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with the classical dwarf spheroidals beyond their nominal King limiting radius and provide evidence for extended stellar halos or tidal debris around these galaxies?
What is the age of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 288 and how does it compare to previous determinations?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars observed in the solar neighborhood, and how do they relate to the past history of the Milky Way and ejection scenarios?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to determine the centers of most of the major structures in the velocity distribution of the Milky Way, including the spiral arms, the corotation radius, and the Galactic center, and can the velocity distribution of the disk be characterized by fitting a series of parametrized Gaussian functions to the intensity distribution in the $xy$-plane and?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What is the age of the thick disk and how does it compare to previous determinations?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with dwarf spheroidal galaxies?
Can the Gaia DR3 catalogue be used to detect and identify member stars in open clusters and estimate their parameters, such as age, distance, and binarity?
Can the Gaia mission's second data release provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, allowing for their chemical and kinematical characterization, and enabling a better understanding of the factors that cause them to be ejected from the disk?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the two warm absorber phases observed in the spectra of $r$-process-enhanced metal-poor stars and how do they affect the chemical enrichment of the $r$-process elements?
Is there kinematic substructure in a non-trivial fraction of the dark matter halo within Galactocentric radii of 7.5-10 kpc and $|z| > 0.5$ kpc, as indicated by the distribution of accreted stars in SDSS-Gaia DR2, and what constraints can be?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a transient or a persistent feature, and can its vertical and horizontal components be separated using a family of parametrized models for the galaxy's gravitational potential?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Chamaeleon I dwarf galaxy at the same distance from the Sun as the Milky Way correlate with the age of the galaxy?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new version of the GeDR3 pipeline provide a more precise and accurate determination of the distance to the Sun, and enable comparisons with other distance determinations?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct orbital properties and chemical characteristics previously claimed to be candidate hyper-velocity stellar objects?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars within a certain distance from the Galactic center, and how does it relate to the chemical enrichment history of the inner and outer thin disk, the migration of the thick disk, and the formation of the bimodal MDF stars?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct metallicity and kinematic characteristics previously claimed to be candidate hypervelocity stars?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population and how do their patterns and characteristics at different heights in the atmosphere provide new constraints on their production mechanisms?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high transverse velocity stars in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the age and origin of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362 and how does the isotopic composition of its red giant members relate to the cluster's chemical and dynamical history?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer open clusters differ from open clusters within ~3 kpc from the disc mid-plane?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar stream candidates in Gaia data that can be used to constrain the mass distribution of the Milky Way and test different gravitational theories?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to determine the kinematics and chemical abundances of open clusters and provide key constraints on the early stages of star formation in the Milky Way?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What are the kinematic properties of the Galactic halo, specifically the proper motions, and how do they differ from the thin and thick disk?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 with the Blanco telescope provide accurate distance estimates of 1.5 Gyr for 47 Tucanae and can the combination of DR3 TGAS and DR4 Gaia 1P be used to accurately identify members of the cluster and determine the bimodality of the population?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical fingerprints and how do they relate to the Milky Way's history?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-sample of metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known anomalous abundance ratios in the literature?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machinae, effectively identify cold stellar streams in data from the Gaia telescope without relying on astrophysical assumptions?
Can the use of Gaia DR2 data with PSF-matching techniques provide a more accurate estimation of the distance distribution in the local stellar halo and help to improve models of the Milky Way and its associated halos?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 1261?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate binarity and confirm the membership of the cluster to the Scorpius-Centaurus OB association, and provide insights into the binarity, metallicity, and age of the cluster members?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple sources and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can a machine learning model trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
What is the origin of 7Li abundances ~2x solar in stars with different metallicities and how do they relate to the 7Li enrichment mechanisms?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in some star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to select and characterize the linear vector-quantity space separating the different stellar populations in the Milky Way, and provide a blueprint for future studies?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV survey allow for the construction of distance estimates for one million stars and provide a catalogue of parameters including metallicity, distance, and kinematics?
What are the possible formation pathways for the metal-poor stars in the Galactic bulge and how do they relate to the chemodynamical models that simulate their evolution?
What new nearby white dwarf systems can be identified and characterized through trigonometric parallaxes and spectroscopic confirmation?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Can the use of the Gaia DR3 catalogue shed light on the structure and evolution of the thin disc, including the identification of coeval groups, the confirmation of already established structures, and the discovery of new structures?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of APOGEE-DR14 element abundances and Gaia-DR2 kinematics?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular cluster candidates and determine their physical parameters and origin?
Does the morphology of the low-mass spiral structure in the Milky Way, specifically the "cigar" shape, depend on the selection function used to identify low-mass satellite galaxies?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201 in a realistic manner, and can the distribution of the stream provide constraints on the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia mission's five-dimensional data set, including proper motions, parallaxes, and kinematics, provide a unique and accurate chronology of the Milky Way and help shed light on the galaxy's formation and evolution?
Does the morphology of the horizontal branch in Milky Way globular clusters correlate with the environment where they formed, and can the location of the Z-distribution of cluster members be used to infer the cluster's environment and membership?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
What new nearby white dwarf systems can be identified and characterized through trigonometric parallax measurements and spectroscopic confirmation?
Can the use of chemical abundances and clustering analyses in the elemental abundance space improve the feasibility of chemical tagging within the thin disk population and enable the recovery of more open clusters' members?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in some star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning algorithm provide an accurate and precise solution for determining individual chemical abundances in a statistically large sample of stars, while controlling for possible systematic effects?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the new Galaxy Model's predictions for the spatial distribution of stars in the Milky Way, including the ratio of thin to thick disk stars and the morphology of the thick disk, be tested with Gaia TGAS and compared to other modeling approaches?
What is the origin and properties of the $r$-process-enhanced metal-poor field star population in the globular cluster M100, and how does it relate to the $r$-process history of the cluster and the distribution of $r$-process-enhanced stars in the field?
Does the Milky Way bar induce a unique pattern in the phase-space distribution of stars in the outer disk, and can it be used to identify and study the outer disk population of stars?
Does the metallicity and age of the progenitor of the Gaia-Enceladus galaxy, the $5$ Gyr old stellar halo known as the Gaia-Sausage, provide insights into the baryonic matter budget of the Milky Way and the age structure of its satellite galaxies?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the formation of stellar streams in the Milky Way, and can Gaia DR2 data be used to identify and study them?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning techniques reveal a need to update the stellar catalogue of the Milky Way with young, high-velocity stars, and the potential formation paths of the thick disk and the high-velocity-star population?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and overdensities observed in the tangential and radial velocity distributions of stars in the Milky Way, and how do they relate to the previously identified kinematic regions?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal stripping?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo enrichment processes?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the formation of stellar streams in the Milky Way?
Is the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the halo of the Milky Way galaxy the result of a stochastic process or a systematic effect due to the sampling of the stellar population?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the cluster, and provide a blueprint for future spectroscopic surveys?
What is the origin of the core of the Scorpius-Centaurus OB1 association (Sco-Cen) and can it be explained by different formation scenarios including external perturbation, in-situ formation, and the evolution of a binary companion?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in the Large Magellanic Cloud contribute to the distribution of hypervelocity stars, resulting in a dipole density distribution on the sky and a tendril in the velocity distribution?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity measurements for TTauri stars and identify candidate members of the Tucana-Horologium stream, while also providing insights into the chemistry, kinematics, and dynamics of the Galactic disk?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by a perturbation from a common progenitor or a phase-mixing model?
What are the different origins of the low-mass X-ray binaries in the Milky Way and how do they relate to the binaries that have been accreted from smaller galaxies?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond the Jeans equation?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and constrain its pattern speed?
Can a neural network trained with spectroscopic data from APOGEE accurately predict a star's atmospheric parameters and abundances, and can this model be used to study the chemistry of the outer Galactic halo?
What mechanisms are responsible for the ejection of late-B type unbound hyper-runaway stars from the Galactic disk?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to detect and characterize as yet uncatalogued substructures in the Milky Way, and can the identified structures be used to constrain scenarios for the galaxy's formation and evolution?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic potential and provide a clearer picture of the medium-term evolution of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-velocity stars in the cluster, and determine the cluster's parameters, including Galactic abundance?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the halo?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a consistent set of modeling assumptions?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor system of a globular cluster correlate with the metallicity of its descendant system, and can this correlation be used to establish an absolute chrono-scale for the cluster and the progenitor system?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disk population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to identify and study the kinematics of open clusters and determine the parameters of their orbits, including the mass, mass function, and dynamical characteristics?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Galactic halo, dubbed the "phantom", vary with distance and can it be used to map the web of the former deformed by the "anomalous" thin disc and the "sausage" thick disc?
Can the "Gaia" mission be used to determine the absolute magnitude and distance of up to 1 million stars and provide a uniform reduction of their parallaxes, which will be crucial for deriving an accurate and homogeneous terrestrial distance scale?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does the metallicity of the thin and thick disks relate to their formation and chemical enrichment?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the bulge?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Gaia sausage represent a natural constraint on the mass of the progenitor and can it be used to constrain the merger history of the Milky Way and identify the Gaia sausage as a relic of a disrupted dwarf galaxy?
Is the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the leading and trailing tidal tails of open clusters a result of selection biases in the detection function or a systematic effect due to the underlying distribution of open clusters in the Galaxy?
Is there a connection between the formation of extra-tidal structure and the kinematics of progenitor systems in the early universe, and can kinematics information from Gaia data be used to constrain the mass of the progenitor systems and identify systems with potentially useful information for upcoming spectroscopic surveys?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning toolchain provide a precise and accurate parallax solution for 5.8 million stars, including those in the Milky Way globular clusters, and can the parallax solution be utilized for dynamical analysis of the Galactic system?
Does the morphology of horizontal branch stars in globular clusters have a common pattern with different parameters for prominence, steepness, and position?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsided perturbation in the Milky Way's disc known as the Snail and how does it relate to the strength and angular momentum of stars in the outer disc?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does the discovery of these stars affect our understanding of the Milky Way's local escape speed and virial mass?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate binarity and determine the dynamical mass, and constrain the dynamical age and star formation history of the cluster?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of globular cluster kinematics and number-density profiles in the Solar neighbourhood?
Can the use of the Gaia DR3 catalogue with the new wavelet transform method reveal and differentiate between different types of variable stars, including those in crowded regions of the sky, and provide a tool for variable star studies and fundamental physics researches?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
What is the origin of extreme radial velocity stars, and can it be determined through measuring their proper motions with the Hubble Space Telescope?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the velocity distribution of open clusters and provide insight into the kinematics of the disk, the kinematics of the halo, and the kinematics of the local stellar vortex?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and chemical abundances for over 1.8 million objects and construct a comprehensive catalogue of 6D positions, ages, and parameters?
Can the {\it Gaia} satellite detect the kinematic signature of the Milky Way's bar and provide evidence for the correct kinematics of the Open Cluster problem?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV-CL1608 stardate catalogue establish a precise distance scale for 1,000s of OB stars and enable star clusters and association studies in the local interstellar space?
Can the use of chemical abundances and clustering analysis in the elemental abundance space improve the feasibility of chemical tagging within the thin disk population and enable the recovery of more open clusters' members?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
Can the Gaia DR2 be used to identify and study the kinematics of different stellar populations in the Milky Way, including those associated with known moving groups, and provide a better understanding of the velocity structure of the outermost thin disk and thick disk as well as the velocity gradients in the inner disk?
What is the age and origin of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 5694, and can the heavy element abundance pattern be explained by known background processes and mass-loss?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can the Gaia DR3 catalogue be used to discover new open clusters and estimate their statistical properties?
Can the Gaia satellite's unique capabilities provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of the Galactic bulge, specifically targeting its difficult-to-study far infrared and ultra-faint components, and allow for a detailed study of its structure, populations, and origins?
What are the possible formation scenarios for the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 data, and how do they relate to the formation of the thick and thin disc, and the "orphan" bimodal MDF observed in other datasets?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can the use of Gaia data with proper selection functions and statistical methods provide a clearer picture of the metal-rich tail of the disk and the high-luminosity sub-population of stellar explosions known as Type II supernovae?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of APOGEE-DR14 element abundances and Gaia-DR2 kinematics?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia catalogue, and how is it linked to the bimodal Gaia DR2 parallax distribution and the "dwarf" and "large" stellar masses?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases provide a homogeneous and quantitative catalogue of open clusters and near-isochrone objects, allowing for the study of the past, present, and future of the Galactic center and its associated phenomena?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population along the orbits that are characteristic for the Z\* passage?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in the Large Magellanic Cloud contribute to the distribution of hypervelocity stars, resulting in a dipole density distribution on the sky and a tendril in the velocity distribution?
What is the origin and properties of the phase mixing process in dynamically "colder" orbits, and how does the lack of a well-defined snail shell in hotter orbits challenge current theories of spiral structure in the Galaxy?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark matter halo?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in the Large Magellanic Cloud contribute to the distribution of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, and can future Gaia measurements of the Cepheids content in Open Clusters and the distribution of HVSs provide strong constraints on the accretion rate of the central SMBH?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can this correlation be used to establish an empirical luminosity ladder for the inner Galaxy?
What is the age, distance, and metallicity of the stellar stream GD-1, and what are the chemical abundances and kinematics of the progenitor stars, which may provide key information for calibrating stellar evolution models?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars found in the solar neighborhood, and how do they relate to the properties of the Milky Way's disk and halo?
What is the origin of extreme radial velocity stars, and can it be determined through measuring their proper motions with the Hubble Space Telescope?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high-velocity stars in the solar neighborhood, and how do they relate to the bimodal metallicity distribution function and chemical abundances observed in some globular clusters?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Does the Milky Way halo of galaxies exhibit a correlation between metallicities and the vertical velocity distribution, and can a selection function that accounts for sample selection biases be constructed to directly test for this correlation?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from an ancient merger, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark-matter halo?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions be used to constrain the gravitational potential and/or the orbital action of the galaxy's satellites?
Does the metallicity distribution of the Galactic open clusters provide information on the chemical evolution models used for their creation, and can the homogeneous chemical enrichment of these objects be confirmed?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to successfully simulate a galaxy with a wide range of features in both the nuclear and halo regions, and can its parameters be linked to known galaxy parameters to build aGalaxy model library?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, compared to ground-based telescopes?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the speed distribution of the local dark matter halo?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Does the metallicity and distance of the progenitor system correlate with the metallicity and distance of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way, and can Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to accurately determine the progenitor system, specifically Gaia 5-dimensional posteriors for the progenitor system parameters, and Gaia astrometry be used to constrain?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs along with spectroscopic follow-up lead to the discovery of thousands of new stellar streams, including those associated with the outermost solar neighborhood, and provide a clearer picture of the structure and dynamics of the Galactic warp?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to establish a homogeneous catalogue of open clusters and identify different production and evolutionary mechanisms behind the observed metallicity distribution function?
What are the origins of the different kinematic structures present in the Milky Way's stellar halo, and can their chemical compositions and age information help elucidate their origins?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable distance indicator?
Does the morphology and evolution of Mira pulsation period in Oxygen-rich Miras throughout the Milky Way disk and bulge provide evidence for the inside-out and upside-down formation of the disk, as well as the timing and structure of bar formation and buckling?
Can the use of the Gaia DR3 catalogue with the new wavelet transform method provide a much more accurate estimation of the distance to the Galactic centre, and shed new light on the characteristics of the potential and the dark matter distribution in the galaxy?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of open clusters in the Milky Way galaxy, and how do their chemical compositions and abundance ratios provide key information about their origin?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What are the possible progenitors, their stellar mass, and reddening of the star system 1D-1F1, and how do they evolve over time?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in a globular cluster protect it from tidal disruption and explain the observed kinematics and chemical composition of these objects?
What is the age, metallicity and detailed abundances of the moderately populated, kinematically interesting globular cluster NGC 5139, and how do they compare to previous determinations?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other survey methods?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar stream candidates in Galactic satellite surveys, and provide a quantitative estimate of the gravitational potential of the Galaxy?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical signatures and different kinematic properties discovered in the Gaia-ESO Survey?, including the $\beta$ Pictoris cluster and the $\omega$ Centauri star-forming region?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new STREAMFINDER algorithm provide a more accurate estimation of the open clusters population and contribute to build a homogeneous catalogue of open clusters?
Can the use of Gaia data with proper motion measurements provide a more accurate determination of distances to globular clusters and their associated halo membership?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures observed in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how can their properties at red giant branch (RGB) and blue giant branch (BGB) help to understand their formation and evolution?
Does the Milky Way's bar cause a tangential acceleration component in the solar system's orbital plane, and can it be measured with upcoming Gaia data releases?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer thin/thick disc populations vary in terms of their heating and kinematics?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude, and can that correlation be used to establish an empirical distance ladder for the Galactic globular cluster 47 Tucanae?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the VVV survey provide a more complete picture of the open clusters population and allow for the derivation of chemical abundances, including neutron-capture elements, which were previously unavailable for most open clusters?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
Can a machine learning model trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on spatial and temporal properties of astrometric observations, and can it be used to reduce the overwhelming astrometric data deluge and improve the quality of the Gaia catalog?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does the bimodality in the high-MDF-probability region affect the estimation of the bimodality parameter?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance once the telescope and detector have been optimized, and compared with predictions from simulations, provide confidence in the mission's ability to reach its scientific objectives?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize the kinematically distinct substructure of the debris stream associated with the dynamical destruction of a globular cluster, Beta Persei, and provide evidence for the hierarchical destruction of a massive star and its effects on the formation of the Galactic halo?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
What is the nature of the X-ray flares in the new variable \rrl{2577} during 2019-2020 EVE season and how do they compare to the flares observed in 2017-2018 EVE season?
Can the new Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population along the lines of sight?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Can the new Gaia data be used to constrain the Galactic potential and measure various parameters, including the parameters of the Galactic warp, leading to the discovery of new structures in the outer disc?
Does the metallicity of stars in the high-energy retrograde halo at Galactic latitudes differ from that expected in the thin disk and could this provide evidence for the existence of a stellar warp?
What are the origins of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy's thick disk, and how do they relate to the origins of the thick and thin disks?
Can the Gaia satellite's precise measurements of stellar parameters, distances, and velocities be used to construct an accurate and complete catalogue of the spatial, kinematical, and chemical structure of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as revealed by an analysis of APOGEE-DR14 element abundances and Gaia-ESO Survey kinematics?
Can the Gaia satellite detect the kinematic signature of a dwarf galaxy merger and provide observational constraints on the progenitor mass function of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and analyze open clusters and determine their parameters, including ages, bimodal metallicities, and kinematics?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence stars and black holes?
Can a non-parametric, Bayesian method be used to accurately infer the 3D distribution of stars in the Milky Way, while taking into account uncertainties and biases, and be used to generate a full 6D phase space map of the surface brightness distribution of the stellar disk?
What is the origin and evolutionary meaning of the newly identified open clusters, NGC 2419-2 and NGC 2579-2, and what information can their chemical compositions and age determinations provide for the understanding of the origin and evolution of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and characterize the Galactic warp by measuring the kinematics of distant OB stars and providing a consistent and reliable dynamical mass estimate for the warp?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Helmi streams in the Milky Way halo depend on the time of formation of the system and can it be used to establish a temporal sequence for the assembly of the halo?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Does the morphology of vertical motions in the Solar Neighborhood depend on the selection criteria used to define the members of the kinematical groups?
Can a neural network be used to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocities from astrometry in surveys such as Gaia and provide a more comprehensive understanding of the Milky Way's kinematic and chemical properties, even without complete phase-space information?
Is the observed strong flaring of the outer disc of the Milky Way galaxy a result of episodic gas stripping by the central black hole, and can the pattern speed of the galaxy's disc be measured as a function of distance from the center to provide evidence for the existence of a "turbulent" outer disc?
Can the Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disk and identify them as Spiral arms, Spiral arms-like structures, and Counter-rotating structures?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to establish a homogeneous catalogue of open clusters and provide a unique and competitive tool for various Galactic dynamical studies?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the use of Gaia data with proper motion measurements be used to determine the age, mass, and distance of different types of stars in the Milky Way?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor systems of the Milky Way correlate with the metallicity of the globular cluster systems of the progenitor galaxies, and can this information be used to reconstruct the ancestral merger histories of the Milky Way and its progenitors?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity metric that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct orbital properties and chemical signatures different from other members of the Taurus stream, and do they provide insights into the formation mechanisms and dynamical history of the Milky Way's iconic stream?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high-velocity stars in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV-CL1608 method provide accurate distance estimates for millions of stars and constrain the spatial distribution of the molecular cloud in which they reside, while simultaneously measuring the atmospheric parameters for a large sample of stars?
What is the origin of $r$-process elements in Gaia-Enceladus and can their high [Eu/Mg] ratio be explained by $r$-process enrichment through neutron-star mergers?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemistry, spatial distribution, and kinematics compare with the thin and thick disks?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 1261?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
Does the morphology of the horizontal branch in Milky Way globular clusters correlate with the environment and stellar masses of the clusters, and can it provide insight into the dynamical history and orbital mechanics of the clusters?
Can the use of the Gaia DR3 catalog with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide a more accurate estimation of the ages and metallicities of the stars in the catalog, while simultaneously generating a comprehensive set of stellar parameters?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the outer disc of the Milky Way, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, kinematics, and chemical abundances of its stars?
Can the Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major merger, as revealed by an analysis of APOGEE-DR14 element abundances and Gaia-DR2 proper motions?
Can the use of Gaia data with proper care provide a credible estimate of the age of the Milky Way and help solve outstanding issues in the field of chronometry?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Is there a possible link between the Milky Way spiral arms, RVphi-ridges, and moving groups in local open clusters, and are they associated with specific chemical abundances?
Can Gaia DR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the local stellar halo, and can their properties be used to understand the origin of the halo's substructure and build a theoretical catalogue of stars that could potentially be observed with upcoming telescopes?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud (SMC)? Are they associated with dynamical or chemical processes, or a combination of the two?
What is causing the observed non-uniformity in the distribution of line-of-sight velocities for kinematically thin disc stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and could it be a signature of a perturbation that has been dissipating since the start of the $\beta$-process?
Does the Milky Way bar affect the kinematics of its stellar population in the outer disc, and can it be modeled using the great circle velocities measured by the LAMOST Galactic survey?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through spectroscopic and photometric analyses?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and measure the parameters of open clusters formed in a Galactic center black hole?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally induced supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey provide a comprehensive and accurate catalogue of Spanish name-bearing star clusters, including their physical parameters, chemical abundances, and kinematics, and allow for the characterization of the Galactic disc and peripheral regions?
Does the morphology of horizontal branch stars in globular clusters have consistent and predictable patterns that can be used to infer parameters such as cluster mass, metallicity, and dynamical history?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect new stellar kinematic structures in the Galactic halo and provide insight into the kinematic characteristics of the peripheral regions of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensity of young stars in the solar neighborhood?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-CL160, an intermediate-metallicity globular cluster with a kinematic deficit and counter-rotating stars?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the origin of high velocity stars that have metallicity above -0.5 dex and can they originate from the Galactic center or were they ejected from the disk by dynamical interactions with a massive perturber?
What is the age distribution and star formation history of the halo white dwarf population and are there possible evidences of a cut-off at the faintest end of the luminosity function?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream produced by NGC 2907 in $\sim$ 1.7 Gyr ago, and can their chemical abundances provide information on the formation environments and potential resonances with the Milky Way?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by various perturbations such as from a dwarf galaxy, or by the tide from a massive object such as a dwarf galaxy or a Large Magellanic Cloud?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity information from chemical abundance analyses be used to detect and identify merger debris in the halo, and can the resulting stars be identified as originating from specific systems?
Can the new Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer parts of the arm?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Does the morphology and evolution of Mira pulsation period in Oxygen-rich massive stars provide clues to the mechanisms behind their mass loss at the end of life?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer thick and thin disc populations vary in terms of their heating and kinematics?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Does the Milky Way's bar cause a tangential acceleration component in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can the new Gaia data be used to construct a detailed and accurate dynamical model of the Milky Way and measure various kinematic and chemical parameters, including the metallicity distribution function, which can be useful in Galactic archaeology and mapping chemical flows?
What is the age of the thin disk and how does it relate to the thick disk and the Milky Way halo, as well as the stellar populations that define them?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 dataset, and how does it relate to the bimodality observed in the LAMOST DR4 MDF, VISTA survey MDF, and StarCount DR3 MDF?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of different kinematical models used to analyze the data?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-sample of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known perturbations in the Galaxy?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ globular cluster system, and can the observed distribution of \textit{M}-\textit{A} stars be explained by the existence of a strong current starburst in the central 200 pc or so of the galaxy?
Does the presence and amount of binary companions in globular clusters correlate with their orbital properties and physical parameters, such as mass, age, and metallicity?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the solar neighborhood, specifically overdensities in the star count, and what constraints can be placed on the possible structures that could explain the observations?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude, and can this correlation be used to extend the distance scale beyond 10 kpc?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What are the kinematic parameters of the Galactic warp, including its linear and radial velocities, and how does it relate spatially to different populations of stars?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately predict missing line-of-sight velocities for open clusters using a combination of parallax, radial velocity, and spectroscopic metallicity?
Does the metallicity and age of the progenitor systems in the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus structure at the edge of the Milky Way halo differ from those found in the field?
Is there a connection between stellar halo kinematics and dark matter substructure, and can the former be used to constrain the latter?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-rich spectroscopic datasets?
What is the origin of the "dwarf spheroidals" category of dwarf galaxies in the local halo, and how do they relate to the "dwarf" candidates and potential merger products listed in Gaia DR2?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the age and origin of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 5904 and what additional information can be derived from the analysis of Gaia DR2 TGAS data?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX spectroscopic surveys be used to identify and characterize the Galactic interstellar medium (ISM) targets required for multi-object spectroscopic analyses, namely distance estimates, chemical abundances, and spatial and kinematical properties?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct parts, an inner and outer halo, and can the kinematics of halo stars be used to delineate these components?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can this correlation be used to obtain independent estimates of the metallicity of the Galactic center?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral pattern speed variations in the overdensities of the giant population?
Can the use of Gaia DR2 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide a more accurate estimation of the distance distribution function of the young stellar association, and hence the binarity fraction, in the Solar neighbourhood?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-sets, and can it be utilized to study the kinematic and chemical properties of the outer halo, as well as the upper main-sequence and red giant branch stars?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201 and provide evidence for the merger history of the Milky Way?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo and dark matter halo be constrained using kinematics and photometric baseline rotation?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic and chemical properties of VVV-CL1, a hypervelocity star with a flat and elongated orbit, and how does its discovery shed new light on the study of the Milky Way's kinematics and chemistry?
Can the Gaia satellite provide accurate spectroscopic distance estimates for millions of stars by measuring the small shifts in their spectral lines induced by differences in parallax and providing a test bed for distance estimators and a rich dataset for future spectroscopic surveys?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV J1251$-$6429, an intermediate mass black hole candidate in the Large Magellanic Cloud?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
Does the morphology of the low-latitude velocity structure in the Milky Way, specifically the warp, result from a dynamic equilibrium rather than being a stable structure?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disk population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as dynamite events?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What is the age and composition of the Galactic thin and thick disk populations and are they dynamically and kinematically coherent?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can Gaia data, when combined with metallicity data from APOGEE and compared to predictions from a set of Galactic chemical evolution models, be used to accurately determine the age, mass, and distance of millions of stars and trace the structure and kinematics of the outer thin disk, as well as provide insights into the heating and chemical evolution of this disk and?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Can the Gaia mission's five-dimensional data be transformed into a three-dimensional space using a specific coordinate system, allowing for a better understanding of the Milky Way's kinematics and cosmology?
Is there a connection between solar motion and biodiversity variation across the globe?
What is the origin of the "dwarf" and "dendritic" kinematic substructures observed in the outer halo of the Milky Way, and how do they relate to the known subhalos, particularly M62 and M86?
What is the origin of the core in the Galactic disk and is it related to a satellite-dwarf origin, as suggested by the abundance patterns or the product of a massive gas-dispersion event?
Can the Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the solar neighborhood, specifically overdensities in the number density of stars younger than 5, 10, and 15 million years?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV survey allow for the derivation of distances, chemical abundances, and spatial distributions of millions of stars, resulting in a catalogue of over 13 million stars with 1D proper motions and 19 chemcial abundances?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable distance indicator?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be attributed to a perturbation rather than a progenitor?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential, and can this model be tested through comparison with simulations and by putting constraints on new parameters and features, such as the location of the dark matter hot spot and the pattern speed of the bar?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar stream candidates in Gaia Data Release 2, including those associated with known overdensities such as the Local Group, and can the properties of the parent galaxy at the time of the impact event provide constraints on the Milky Way's current halo and disc properties?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
What is the nature of the X-ray flares observed in the soft X-ray spectrum of the variable star XMM-3049, and how do they compare to the flares observed in other neutron star systems?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsidedness seen in some open clusters, and can it be explained by the cluster's orbital history or other dynamical processes?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the role of external factors such as the central galaxy and the Milky Way's gravitational potential in determining their kinematics?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What are the different physical processes that drive the expansion of loose and compact massive star clusters, and how do they depend on initial cluster conditions and environment?
Does the presence of binary companions in globular clusters affect their kinematics and what constraints can be placed on the mass and distance of the clusters based on the measurements from Gaia DR2?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry and DR3 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-set of ultra-faint dwarf stars, and how do they relate to known open clusters and possible stellar explosions?
Does a diffuse Galactic halo of old stars contribute significantly to the chemical enrichment of the thin disk and, if so, what are the implications for understanding the formation of the thick and thin disks in the Galaxy?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide a more accurate estimation of the ages and metallicities of the stars in the Milky Way disc, and allow for the construction of full individual chemical abundance series for millions of stars?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular clusters and identify potential cluster members in a statistically significant way?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 combined with spectroscopic follow-up identify and confirm the stellar parameters, ages, kinematics, and abundances of over one million blue straggler stars in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how is it related to the bimodal chemical abundance pattern observed in the thick disk?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality criterion?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23 and 24, and support the dynamical age estimates for these clusters?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Is M62-VISTA1 a remnant of a disrupted satellite galaxy that has been fully devoured by the Milky Way, or is it still a satellite galaxy in the process of being engulfed?
Can the new Galaxy model, consisting of a locally-flat, axisymmetric disc galaxy with a $\Lambda$-type profile for its luminosity function, be used to accurately estimate the total number of stars in the Milky Way and compare it with other estimates?
What new nearby white dwarf systems can be identified and characterized through trigonometric parallax measurements provided by the OGLE Survey Data Release 7?
What are the different dynamical mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematic maps of stellar kinematics in the solar neighbourhood, including those proposed in the literature, and what are their strengths and weaknesses?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 $\textit{metal-rich}$ and $\textit{metal-poor}$ samples, and how are the odds of drawing a binary MDF statistically significant as a signature of a bimodal seed population?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocity space with higher Galactocentric rotation velocity than the Sun, found outside of the Solar radius, which may be due to the co-rotation resonance of the Perseus spiral arm?
Does the presence of binary companions in globular clusters affect the value of the cluster's metallicity and alpha-enhancement, and can the mass of the binary system be inferred from the red giant branch?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of velocity stars in the solar neighbourhood with a specific velocity larger than 5 km s-1, and could it be due to the co-rotation resonance of the Galactic bar?
Is there a connection between the formation of first stars and the formation of binary stars in the young stellar disc, and can Gaia DR2 data be used to identify and study this connection?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus structure correlate with the strength of its bimodal radii distribution, and can it be used to constrain the initial mass function and star formation history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in open clusters and determine their parameters, including distances, ages, and binarity?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond the simple Jeans equation?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars, and how does its parameters space and correlation with other physical properties provide insights into its origin?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can an ensemble of chemical abundances probing different nucleosynthetic channels be used to build a comprehensive understanding of the chemical and structural evolution of the Galaxy, particularly in tracing the enrichment by different nucleosynthetic sources, and can this information be modeled using the Chempy Galaxy-scale chemical evolution model?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What are the different dynamical mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematic maps of Gaia-DR2 data, including the radial and vertical components, in terms of out-of-equilibrium models?
What are the possible origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with kinematic and chemical characteristics similar to those of Milky Way globular clusters, and how do they relate to the known dwarf spheroidal galaxies and potential progenitor galaxies?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotating neutron star supernovae?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and study the kinematics, chemistry, and structure of ultra-faint structures in the Milky Way that have so far escaped detection by any other method?
Does the Milky Way's warp affect the kinematics and metallicity of the thin and thick disks similarly in the radial direction, and can it be used to construct a consistent and comprehensive stellar model for the Galaxy?
Can the use of Gaia data and updated methods provide a more accurate determination of the local U-V gradient, and therefore the local dark matter density, in the Milky Way, which can in turn constrain dark matter models and direct detection experiments?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, and can the resulting metallicity map and velocity-metallicity relation be used to infer the dynamical mass of the galaxy and Galactic halo?
Does the morphology of the 3D structure of the Galactic potential leave a trace in the phase-space distribution of stars in the solar neighbourhood, and can it be used to constrain the accuracy of the stellar model and determine the parameters that best fit the observational data?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what are the implications for the interpretation of observed patterns in the $Gaia$ DR2 data?
Can the Gaia DR3 catalogue be used to discover new open clusters and estimate their statistical properties?
What is the origin of the core of the Galaxy in terms of its bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) and how does it relate to the bichrome globular cluster 47 Tucanae and the double white dwarf system $\mathit{EVI}$-38?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates within the cluster, and constrain the cluster's kinematics and metallicity?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable indicator of their distances?
Can the new Galaxy model, which is a self-consistent and dynamically sensible representation of the Milky Way, be used to investigate different aspects of the formation and evolution of the galaxy, and how does it compare to previous models?
What are the origins of the low-mass stars that build the disc and the halo of the Milky Way, and what constraints can be placed on their production rate and the efficiency of the stellar mass function?
What is the origin of the bimodality in the vertical velocity distribution of stars in the Milky Way and how does it relate to the bimodal distribution in the Gaia catalogue and the misalignment of the bimodality with the Galactic longitude?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
What is the nature of the X-ray flares in the soft spectrum of the Galactic X-ray background, and can they be explained by different mechanisms such as binary systems, flaring black holes, and variable X-ray emitting white dwarfs?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an almost in-situ bulge and what are the implications for the interpretation of observed kinematics and dynamics in the literature?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide a more precise estimate of the distance to the Galactic center and shed light on the dynamical history of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia DR3 data identify candidate stars associated with the classical dwarf spheroidals beyond their nominal tidal radii and provide evidence for extended stellar haloes around these galaxies?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and measure distances of over 300 million objects, including stars, clusters, and even some interlopers such as asteroids and microlensing events, and provide the most precise and accurate measurements of proper motions?
Can the Gaia mission provide accurate and precise distance measurements for millions of stars and reveal new information about the kinematics, structure, and dynamics of the Milky Way?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide information on the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity relations for red giant stars in the solar neighbourhood that differ in their atmospheric parameters, abundances, and kinematics, and how do independent tracers confirm or disconfirm the mechanisms for producing the observed kinematics?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new STREAMFINDER algorithm reveal and provide observational constraints on the vast population of stellar streams in the Milky Way, including those formed in the early stages of galaxy formation and those associated with specific accretion events?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Does the presence of a dark matter minihalo surrounding a globular cluster protect it from tidal stripping and explain the observed velocity dispersion in NGC~6397?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Does the morphology of the horizontal branch in globular clusters evolve with the cluster's metallicity, and is there a correlation between the morphology of the H-branch and the metallicity in globular clusters?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs along with spectroscopic follow-up allow for the detection and characterization of previously undetected stellar streams, including some of the faintest and remotest ones in the Galaxy?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be primarily attributed to short-lived sources such as dynamical shock eruptions in low-mass dwarf galaxies?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a transient or a persistent feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Can a novel approach utilizing a polynomial photometric calibration method be used to accurately derive stellar parameters and chemical abundances for close to-infrared-exposed stars, and can this catalog be used to study stellar diversity and chemical evolution in the Galactic thin disk?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
What is the origin and properties of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical signature and bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) curve in the Milky Way bulge, and how do they relate to the high-mass dwarf spheroidal galaxy $\omega$ Centauri and the core of the globular cluster $\omega$ Centaur?
What are the origins of the different kinematic structures in the outer halo of the Milky Way galaxy, specifically the "thin disc" (TD), "thick disc" (TD), and "high-velocity thick disc"?
 ### Background: The outer halo of the Milky Way galaxy is home to a variety of structures, including the "?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population in the Milky Way and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23 and isolate the members of this very dense cluster, confirming their bimodal mass distribution and identifying new members?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mostly explained by \textit{r}-process events in low-mass stars rather than neutron star mergers?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Is the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the leading and trailing tidal tails of Open Clusters a result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond what is currently modelled in tidal debris scenarios?
Can Gaia EDR3 data detect and distinguish between different types of variable stars, including those which are not normally considered as variable, such as pulsating stars and variable stars in globular clusters?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-velocity distribution of Galactic disc stars, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway stars in the cluster, and determine the cluster's parameters, including mass and metallicity?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined by analyzing the kinematics and chemical abundances of its stars?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a transient or a persisting feature, and can its vertical motions provide observational constraints on models of the galaxy's disk and external influences that shaped its history?
Is the formation and evolution of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital parameters and physical properties, and can Gaia data be used to study the structures and substructure in these systems on a unprecedentedly detailed level?
Does the presence of binary companions affect the kinematics of dwarf stars in the solar neighborhood, specifically the $v_k$ and $v_L$ parameters, and can Gaia data be used to detect them?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in a globular cluster protect it from tidal disruption and explain the observed kinematics and metallicity patterns in NGC 6397 and NGC 3201?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemical composition, spatial distribution, and kinematics information provide insights into the bimodality origin and the metallicity distribution function shape?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsided perturbation in the Milky Way's disc known as the Snail and how does it relate to the strength and angular momentum of stars in the outer disc?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometric data be used to detect and study the warp structure in the local stellar halo, including the Blanco 1 and Blanco 2 substructures, and provide a constraint on the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and could it be a signature of the warp left by a massive satellite passing through the galaxy?
What are the possible origins of "young" [$\alpha$/Fe]-enhanced stars with stellar ages younger than 7.0 Gyr, and how do they differ from the previously identified [$\alpha$/Fe]-enhanced young stars?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar stream candidates in Gaia data, including those associated with known stellar overdensities and anomalous Tycho-Gaia Catalog values, and provide a complementary method for identifying stellar overdensities and the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, and can this benchmark system be used to test data processing and scientific methods?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 data, and how does it relate to the bimodal warm-starting distribution observed in a Monte Carlo stellar evolution simulation?
What is the nature and origin of hypervelocity stars and their ejection mechanisms, and can a statistical sample of HVSs from the LAMOST Galactic survey and the future Gaia data help to constrain the scenario for the formation and evolution of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia satellite detect and identify member stars in open clusters that have been dissolved or merged into larger systems, and can its catalogue be used to rebuild the historical record of the evolution of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component in the solar motion within certain Galactocentric radii, and can this be measured using future Gaia measurements?
What are the different origins of the metal-rich, high-velocity stars known as the "super-metal-rich" or "chemically-odd" stars, and how do their properties and mechanisms of formation related to the presence of neutron-capture elements and $r$-process elements?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsided perturbation in the disk of the Milky Way, known as the Snail, and how does it relate to the strength and angular momentum of stars in the outer disk?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insights into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by tidal debris from a large dwarf galaxy?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
What is the origin and properties of the low-latitude globular cluster NGC 2419, and how does it relate to the high-latitude globular cluster 47 Tucanae?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and measure the parameters of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies orbiting the Milky Way, and can the combination of \emph{Gaia} and spectroscopic follow-up potentially detect thousands of them?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia data alone be used to establish a list of members and derive mean parameters, specifically distances, for as many open clusters as possible, and can the combination of parallax and spectroscopic distance estimation be used to establish a timescale for the evolution of the Galactic disk?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) parameter space distribution function (PDF) shape observed in the Gaia DR2 MDF, and how likely is it to occur naturally in a stochastic process?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is their relationship with the spiral arms and spiral structure of the galaxy?
Can the Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in open clusters and estimate their parameters, such as ages and distances, as well as provide information on their kinematics and chemistry?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Does the presence and kinematics of a stellar warp in the Milky Way affect the velocity distribution of young stars in the inner disk and influence the pattern speed of their orbits?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
Can the new Galaxy Model improve our understanding of the structure and evolution of the Milky Way by providing a consistent and testable set of predictions about the galaxy's global properties and the phenomena that occur in it?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate binarity and determine the orbital parameters and mass function of the component stars, and constrain the distance to the cluster using isochrones?
Can the use of chemical abundances and clustering analysis in the elemental abundance space improve the feasibility of chemical tagging within the thin disk population and enable the recovery of more open clusters' members?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
What is the nature and origin of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical signature and bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) curve in the Milky Way galaxy, and how do their bimodal MDF curve and chemical compositions provide new insights into their formation scenarios?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide an accurate estimate of the solar motion for stars within 10 kpc from the Sun and enable the construction of a solar orbit that can be used for historical comparison with other datasets?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to successfully scale to the Gaia dataset and show the potential of data-driven methods for spectroscopic parameter estimation?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-sets, and can the method be used to study the chemically-separated thin and thick disk populations?
Is the Galactic warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machinae, effectively identify cold stellar streams in data from the Gaia telescope without relying on astrophysical assumptions?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a transient or a persistent feature and can it be used to constrain the time of the last major merger and other dynamical and chemical properties of the galaxy?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect new stellar stream structures and confirm the existence of previously known structures, and provide a comprehensive understanding of the structure and dynamics of the Galactic stream environment?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable indicator of their absolute distance?
What is the nature and origin of hypervelocity stars that have velocities that are quantitatively inconsistent with dynamical predictions?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud, and how do they relate to the origin of the parent molecular cloud and the bimodal metallicity distribution function?
Is there a connection between solar motion and biodiversity variation on earth?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and GALAH surveys to investigate Galactic abundance trends?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can a linear regression model be used to derive a metallicity equation for the globular cluster M 4?
What is the origin of extreme radial velocity stars, and can it be determined through measuring their proper motions with the Hubble Space Telescope?
Can the Gaia mission's five-dimensional space be explored systematically to determine the origins and characteristics of the detected phenomena, and can the resulting catalogue of events and processes be used to test theories of galaxy evolution and inform future spectroscopic surveys?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be attributed to a perturbation rather than a progenitor?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocity space with a specific velocity component different from the local reference frame, found in the largest available Galactic kinematics dataset, and how likely is it to be a real effect or a systematic error?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with HST STC and PSF tail modeling enable the derivation of distances to millions of stars and constrain the local U-V velocity field?
Is there a possible link between the formation of the thick disk and the formation of the inner thin disk in the solar neighborhood, and are they coeval or sequential builds?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative scenarios such as a tidal disruption event?
Can the new Galaxy model by Gallagher et al. (2017) be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way and its baryonic and dark components, as well as its gravitational potential and the space warp it induces?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with dwarf spheroidal galaxies?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate a cluster candidate from foreground and background association, and determine the cluster's parameters, including Galactic abundance ratios and metallicity-velocity correlation?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a gravitationally induced phenomenon that resulted from the transient response to a perturbation, or is it a long-lived, unstable, and/or non-axisymmetric feature that can be traced by different datasets and methods?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of various kinematics methods for determining mass and mass function?
What are the origins and characteristics of the five discrete kinematic overdensities observed in the Milky Way disc and how do they relate to the formation scenarios for the galaxy's different components?
Can the Gaia DR2 be used to identify and study the kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf spheroidals (dwarf spheroidals) around the Milky Way, including their orbital properties and potential tidal effects, and provide a sample of $N$-body parameters for later simulations?
What is the origin of high speed stars that have velocities two to three times greater than expected for their metallicity and have little or no evidence of having been perturbed by a satellite or a dwarf galaxy?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Is there a connection between solar motion and biodiversity in the Southern Hemisphere, and can it be detected using a collection of land-based long-term ecological studies?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify and study the kinematics and chemistry of ultra-faint structures in the Milky Way, and provide a catalogue of thousands of stellar systems with unprecedented properties?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the distribution of young stars in OB associations and lead to a revision of their historical composition?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the formation of extreme horizontal branch stars in globular clusters?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV-CL1608 photometric system provide a more accurate estimate of the distance distribution in the solar neighborhood and reveal a bimodal structure that is distinct from previous studies?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-CL160, an extremely kinematic-violating star with a flat, halo-like kinematics curve and a range of peculiarities including a very eccentric orbit, a high proper-motion, and a young age?
What is the origin of $r$-process elements in Gaia-Enceladus and can their high [{Eu}/{Mg}] ratio be explained by $r$-process enrichment through neutron-star mergers?
Can the Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral pattern speed variations across the galaxy?
Does the presence of a new metal-rich k giant star in the solar neighbourhood prove the chemical enrichment of the low-density halo by the annihilation of dark matter, and can the star's kinematics and spectroscopic characteristics be used to constrain the properties of the halo?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be attributed to a perturbation rather than a progenitor?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream produced by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Does the Milky Way's central black hole have a larger mass than previously estimated, and is its shadowed region the source of the observed kinematics and chemical peculiarities in the outer disk?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer parts of the disc?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what are the significant effects that the bar can have on the surrounding disc?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct populations of stars, a high-velocity "accreted" component and a "native" component, and what are the kinematic and chemical properties of each population?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population and how are they related to the bimodal \emph{r}-process isotope ratios observed in Fe-rich red-giant stars and in the \emph{r}-process abundances predicted by chemical evolution models?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters provide evidence for the dynamical heating and redistribution of chemical elements, and can it be modeled using a suite of simulation models?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars, and how does the chemical heterogeneity within the bimodality affect the prediction of stars' bionicities using spectral indexes?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended tidal tail suggest tidal erosion?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, allowing for better understanding of the galaxy's potential and Galactic center properties?
Does the metallicity distribution of the Galactic bulge reveal a vertical metallicity gradient indicating a boxy-bulge formation scenario?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-CL160, a carbon-enhanced metal-poor star with a flat and eccentric prograde orbit, and how does it challenge current models of carbon enrichment in the Galaxy?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect new stellar streams and provide insight into the properties of the Galactic acceleration field on various scales?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of stars in the halo of the Milky Way that are characterized by their chemical and kinematic properties, and how do their properties at birth suggest different origins?
Is there a connection between solar motion and biodiversity variations on Earth, and can it be confirmed using paleontological data?
What is the age, distance, and metallicity of the stellar stream GD_1, and what are the characteristics of its orbit and possible encounters with dark matter subhalos, as well as any candidate overdensities and underdensities along its trace?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectro-photometric distance estimates for $10^4$ red giant stars, and to construct a catalogue of fundamental parameters, chemical abundances, and precise parallax measurements?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase space distribution of Galactocentric position and velocity in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between the ridge and arch structures in the phase space of the heavy halo and the overdensities observed in the stellar distribution?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer parts of the arms?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocity space with positive Galactic longitude that are slightly above the expected value for scovergence, and how does it relate to the small overdensity of stars in kinematics space with positive Galactic longitude?
Can a neural network be used to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocities from astrometry in surveys such as Gaia and provide a more comprehensive understanding of the Milky Way's kinematic and chemical properties, even without a priori information about individual stars?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning toolchain make accurate measurements of stellar parameters for millions of stars and reveal the presence of the poorly understood metal-deficient substructure in the Galactic disk?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning algorithm provide a more accurate estimation of the age and mass of the open cluster NGC 7789, contributing to a better understanding of the formation and evolutionary history of the Galactic halo?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct orbital properties and chemical characteristics previously claimed to be candidate hypervelocity stars?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-sample of metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known anomalous abundance ratios in ultra-faint dwarf galaxies?
Can the "VISTA Variables in the Via Lactea eXtended (VVVX)" survey identify and provide information on previously undiscovered open clusters and variable stars in the Galactic disk?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way stellar cluster 25 \textit{h} - \textit{d} - 25 \textit{h} - \textit{d} - 25 \textit{h} - \textit{d}?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and overdensities observed in the velocity distribution of stars in the solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a large accreted dwarf galaxy?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect and characterize the previously unexplored outer halo population of stars and provide insight into the accretion history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo globular clusters NGC 2419 and NGC 288?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocity space with a particular kinematical property, and how does it relate to the density structure of the Galactic disk?
Can a novel approach of consistently populating star particles with stars, independently of the simulation algorithm, solve the challenge of accurately populating dark places in the sky and provide a tool to study the external perturbations affecting stellar populations in the Milky Way?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation of the Milky Way and the structure of its disc?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the inner disc?
Can the new Galaxy model by Gallagher et al. (2020) be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way and its baryonic and dark components using datasets from Gaia, \textit{Herschel}, and Spitzer?
Can Gaia data alone be used to establish a list of members and derive mean parameters, specifically distances, for as many open clusters as possible, and can the combination of Gaia DR1 parallax with spectroscopic distance information improve the established lists of parameters?
What are the different dynamical mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematic maps of Gaia-DR2 data, including the radial and vertical components, in terms of out-of-equilibrium models?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive satellite smashing or other dynamical processes?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor systems of the Milky Way correlate with the strength of the radial gas flows that surround them, and can this relationship be used to constrain the environment and the gas-mass loss rate of the progenitor systems?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable distance indicator?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the solar neighborhood, specifically overdensities in the number-density distribution of stars?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a result of a transient phenomenon or a persistent characteristic of the galaxy's disc?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct parts, an inner and outer halo, and can these components be characterized by their chemical and kinematic properties?
Can an accurate distance be derived for globular cluster NGC 1261 using newly available OGLE-IV catalog of variable stars, Clement's previous estimate, and comparison with neighboring globular clusters?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars, and how does the ratio of low-Mg to high-Mg stars affect the MDF?
What are the kinematics and chemistry of the Galactic thin and thick disk and how do they differ from each other and the thickest disk of the open cluster NGC 6791?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide accurate spectroscopic distance estimates for open clusters and near-isochrones objects in the Solar neighbourhood, and to extend the sample of known open clusters to 209?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in globular clusters and estimate their masses and binarity probabilities?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can the use of Gaia data with appropriate caveats provide a reliable way to trace the kinematics of star formation and derive star formation rates for different environments, which can then be used to understand the star formation history of the Milky Way and compare it with predictions from numerical simulations?
Is there a correlation between stellar galactocentric velocity and planet occurrence in the Solar neighborhood?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the new version of the Geocat pipeline provide a more detailed knowledge of the structures and formations composing the Galactic disc, specifically the spiral pattern and the warp, and help to understand the dynamics driving the assembly of the galaxy?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) shape observed in the Gaia DR2 $Z$ vs. [Fe/H] MDF and how does it relate to the bimodality in the $Z$ vs. [Fe/H] MDF observed in a large sample of open clusters?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Does the presence and amount of binary companions in globular clusters correlate with the cluster's metallicity and suggest that binary stars are more common in less metal-rich environments?
What is the age and origin of the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus galaxy, and how did it form?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential, and can this model explain the observed properties of open clusters?
Can the use of the Gaia satellite's first data release along with spectral type and distance estimates from the Gaia-TGAS catalog help determine the absolute proper motions of stellar systems in the Milky Way?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what are the implications for galaxy formation models?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars and how does the chemical composition, age, and kinematics of halo stars relate to their bimodality parameters?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Can Gaia EDR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What are the origins and characteristics of the four distinct populations of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars identified in the Gaia DR2 catalogue, and how do their chemical compositions and stellar parameters vary?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the halo of the Milky Way galaxy a consequence of the known tidal debris from globular clusters, and can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to map the kinematics of the young stellar population and determine the initial mass function of the Milky Way halo?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation of the galaxy and the effects of satellite passage?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23 and isolate the member stars responsible for driving the kinematic and chemical anomalies observed in the cluster?
What are the kinematics and chemical properties of the oldest, high-velocity stars in the Milky Way and how do they differ from the kinematically younger, metal-rich stars?
Can a machine learning model accurately predict the chemical abundances of stars in the Milky Way based on their spectroscopic and astrometric information?
Can a novel approach of consistently populating star particles with stars, tracing the evolution of the stellar population, allow for the reconstruction of the galaxy's initial conditions and predict the properties of the galaxy at early times?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can the Gaia DR3 dataset be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201 in a realistic manner, and can the proper motions obtained from this sample be used to measure the Milky Way's gravitational potential?
What is the nature of the different populations coexisting in the innermost regions of the Milky Way in terms of their chemodynamical and kinematic properties, and what is the cause of the observed chemical discontinuity and counter-rotating stars?
Can the Gaia DR1 astrometric data be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in Gaia DR2 data, and how does it relate to the bimodal warm-start bias and the "cooling" of young stars observed in data from Gaia DR2 and 2MASS?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 288, and can the combined use of Gaia DR3 and Gaia TGAS data help in determining the properties of the stream and the progenitor population from which it originates?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disk population and how are their patterns related to the factors that influence their production and distribution?
Can the Gaia mission's five-dimensional data set, including proper motions, parallaxes, and kinematics, be used to characterize the members of the Upper Scorpius association and their physical parameters?
Can the Gaia-ESO survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate cluster members, and determine the cluster's parameters, including Galactic abundance distributions?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and how do they relate to the spiral arms, spiral structure in the interstellar matter, and the distribution of the dark matter halo?
Can the Gaia mission's science objectives be achieved using simulated data, and can the mission's potential be fully understood without a dedicated AstroDRIVER facility?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a fundamental distance indicator?
What is the nature of the X-ray flares and quiescent spectra of the supermassive black hole Sgr A* in the center of our galaxy, and how do they compare among the brightest flares ever observed with different X-ray observatories?
Does the presence of a dark matter minihalo surrounding a globular cluster protect it from tidal stripping and explain the observed kinematics measurements in NGC~6397?
Can the Gaia satellite detect the kinematic signatures of the formation of the Milky Way's barred bulge by measuring the orbital eccentricities and semi-major axes of its globular clusters?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect new stellar streams and provide insight into the properties of the Galactic acceleration field on various scales?
Can a neural network be used to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocities from astrometry in surveys such as Gaia and provide a more comprehensive catalogue of kinematic information without relying on external catalogues?
Does the metallicity distribution of the Galactic thin disc show a correlation with the star formation history of the disc, and can it be used to separate first and second generation thin disc stars?
What are the origins of extreme radial velocity stars, and can they be classified based on their chemical and kinematical characteristics?
Can the Gaia mission be used to determine the age, distance, and interstellar reddening of a large sample of stars, revealing a complex and inhomogeneous structure in the Galactic disc and providing a competitive alternative to ground-based methods for determining stellar parameters?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and GALAH surveys to investigate Galactic abundance trends?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its parameters (e.g. scale length, scale height, and exponent) relate to the various chemical and dynamical substructures present in the region?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 288, and can the chemical abundances of this stream show signatures of a varied history?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential, and can this model explain various features observed in the system such as age-velocity dispersion relation, metallicity-rotation curve, and vertical velocity dispersion?
Can a neural network trained with photometric data from the Gaia catalogue accurately predict spectroscopic metallicities for a sample of $1$ million red giants, and can it be used to study spatial and kinematic gradients as well as possible anomalous metal-rich structures?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf galaxies Crater II and Hercules, and how do their kinematics and chemical compositions differ from other low-mass dwarf galaxies?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does the discovery of these stars affect our understanding of the Milky Way's local escape speed and virial mass?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable distance indicator?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on the astrometrical errors of the corresponding stellar spectra?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way stellar overdensity \textit{NGC 288} and how are the bimodal distributions of [{\alpha}/Fe] and [O/Fe] in its members related to the chemical enrichment mechanisms and dynamical history of \textit{NGC} 288?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a bias in the estimation of its mass by perturbing stellar populations in the disk and inhibiting the formation of a massive thick disk?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What are the possible progenitors, their stellar mass, and supernovae explosion energy of five CEMP-no stars, and are they related to any known open clusters or supernova events?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data science toolkit be used to rapidly prototype and compare different data analysis techniques for spectroscopic surveys, allowing for flexible customization and easily reproducible results?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the identified canonical halo stars in determining these properties?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can an ensemble of chemical abundances probing different nucleosynthetic channels be used to build a comprehensive understanding of the chemical and structural evolution of the Galaxy, particularly in tracing the enrichment by different nucleosynthetic sources, and can this information be separated using a probabilistic methods approach?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 $z\sim 0.5$ TGAS dataset, and how does it relate to the bimodality observed in the metallicity distribution function of high-redshift quasars?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, allowing for better understanding of the galaxy's potential and Galactic center?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo systems such as Gaia-Enceladus and Hercules?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic follow-up, detect new stellar streams and provide insight into the properties of the Galactic acceleration field on various scales?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What are the different origins of the metal-rich, high-velocity stars known as the "super metal-rich" or "solar-mimicking" (SMR) population, and how do they relate to the formation of the Milky Way and other galaxies?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a perturbation in the radial number density of stars in the disk, resulting in a minimum in the density at a certain radial distance from the center, and does this affect the accuracy of density estimates derived from red clump star surveys?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of stars that make up the halo of the Milky Way in terms of their chemical and kinematic properties?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
What are the possible origins of the formation of the "cigar-like" structure in the outer Galactic disc, as proposed by analyzing the kinematics of the population of turnoff stars and comparing the predictions of different formation scenarios for the "cigar"?
 ### Background: The "cigar-like" structure is one of the most puzzling?
Can the {\it Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the solar neighbourhood, as identified through a spectroscopic and kinematical analysis of low-metallicity stellar overdensities and a model for the Milky Way stellar halo?
Does Gaia EDR3 provide accurate astrometrical solutions for the radial velocity and chemical abundances for open clusters, and can the proper motions of cluster stars be used to test the accuracy of the distance estimates?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 1261?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way stellar overdensity \textit{NGC 288} and how are the bimodal metallicity distributions in \textit{NGC} 288 and \textit{Nucleus} different from predictions by Galactic evolution models?
What are the possible origins and evolutionary mechanisms of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and can the abundance patterns of elements such as C, N, O, and Ne provide information that can constrain the scenarios for their formation and enrichment?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the inner and outer disks?
What is the age, distance, and interstellar reddening of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 288, and what is the metallicity and distance of the suspected tidal stream $\beta$ Pic?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars with retrograde motions in the Solar neighbourhood, and could it be due to the stars having been stripped from the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy?
Can a neural network be trained using spectroscopic data to accurately infer stellar parameters and abundances, and can it be used to study large samples of stars with limited or no spectroscopic information?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to neutron-capture rather than electron-capture?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and study the substructure of the outermost stellar halo in the direction of the Virgo overdensity by comparing the kinematics of halo stars identified from Gaia DR2 and spectroscopic surveys?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsided perturbation in the disc of our Galaxy, commonly referred to as the Snail, and how does it relate to the strength and angular momentum of stars in the outer disc?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars observed in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do their chemical compositions and kinematics provide insights into the formation of the Milky Way's halo?
Can a non-parametric and smooth model for the underlying velocity field be constructed using a sparse Gaussian process algorithm, and can this model help identify regions in the local disk that may be undergoing compression and rarefaction?
What are the kinematic and chemical properties of the Galactic thin and thick disk and how do they vary with metallicity and alpha enhancement?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local halo stars, and how does its parameters space and formation scenario?
What are the possible origins of the formation of a star with extreme kinematics in the solar neighborhood of $L_1$ and how likely are each of these scenarios?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy, and how are they related to the bimodal metallicity distribution function and chemical abundances?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the velocity distribution of open clusters going beyond what has been previously reported for Gaia-ESO Survey targets?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Is the observed asymmetry in the number of low-mass stars in the solar neighborhood a result of a stochastic process or a systematic effect from the formation of the Milky Way's disk?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for poorly studied or previously unexplored Galactic globular cluster candidates and determine their physical parameters and origin?
Does the Milky Way's bar cause a tangential acceleration component in the solar-tangential directions, resulting in a measurable aberration in the proper motions of stars in these directions?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with the debris of a single massive satellite, and confirm the dynamical destruction of a pre-supernova binary in a young stellar cluster?
What are the kinematic trends and structure of the Monoceros Ring and associated sub-structure in the Galactic Anti-centre region, and can a model be developed to explain the observations?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in the large Magellanic cloud contribute to the distribution of hypervelocity stars in the inner halo of the Milky Way, and can mass-based selection functions accurately select these stars?
Can the Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the physical parameters of its stars and comparing the results with simulations of the early stages of the Milky Way's formation?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does the discovery of these stars affect our understanding of the Milky Way's local escape speed and virial mass?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both young and old open clusters?
Is there an intermediate-mass black hole in the center of the globular cluster NGC 6397 or a diffuse dark inner overdensity of stellar masses below 10^6 solar masses?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with stellar streams and overdensities formed through the dynamical destruction of loosely bound stellar clusters or the tidal disruption of globular clusters?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the improved method provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of open clusters and allow for the study of their kinematics, age, and potential co-evality with other large samples of open clusters?
What is the age and origin of the stellar warp in the thin disk of the Milky Way and can it be explained by external perturbation or not?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the catalogue of known streams in the Milky Way and lead to the discovery of new structures?
Can an ensemble approach to estimating the distance to the Galactic center using Type II Cepheids, provided in a single table, be utilized to select the most reliable distance estimate and investigate systematic uncertainties?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV survey provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of open clusters and allow for the study of their spatial distribution, possible associations, and relationship with the Galactic structure?
What are the kinematic and chemical properties of the oldest and second-oldest known stellar populations in the Milky Way, and how do they differ from other kinematically identified old populations?
Is the Galactic warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both the radial and vertical velocities of stars in the disk?
What are the kinematics and chemical properties of white dwarfs in the Galactic disk and how do they vary across different age populations?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide information on the formation and orbital evolution of the component stars, as well as the gravitational potential of the galaxy?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemistry, spatial distribution, and kinematics provide clues to its formation?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
Can a neural network approach using photometry and parallax with dust extinction estimates accurately determine the metallicities and distances of red giant stars, and can it be used to study spatial and kinematic gradients with metallicity in the Galactic bar?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how do they relate to known accretion events, dynamical friction, and chemical enrichment?
What is the age, distance, and intergalactic reddening of the globular cluster NGC 5904, and what is the metallicity and distance of the suspected stellar overdensity $\beta$ Ori - Trumpler 9?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does it relate to the bimodality in the field white dwarf population, which is a more localized and sensitive probe of the bimodality in the baryonic component of the galaxy?
What are the different physical processes that drive the expansion of loose and compact stellar clusters and how do they depend on initial cluster conditions and environment?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-reactive supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams observed in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the dynamics of the Milky Way?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
What is the nature and origin of metal-poor stars in the bulge of the Milky Way, and can their ancient status be confirmed through an understanding of their origins and the application of a chemodynamical model?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, compared to one produced using a Galactic potential modeled without substructure?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high transverse velocity stars in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and measure the parameters of open clusters that were previously missed by other surveys, and can the clusters that were confirmed to be \emph{Gaia} discoveries provide a representative sample of the 5--10 kpc Galactic space occupied by open clusters at the beginning of the 21st?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Can a neural network be used to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocities from astrometry in surveys such as Gaia and provide a more comprehensive understanding of the Milky Way's kinematics and potential while circumventing degeneracies associated with stellar models?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component in the stellar disk and, if so, how does it relate to the pattern speed and vertical velocity correlations in the solar neighborhood?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance, and kinematics of its stars?
Can the Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and characterize hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, and provide insight into the galaxy's potential, and how is the HVS population correlated with age and metallicity?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mostly ruled out that they are associated with specific accretion events?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity stars and potentially reveal kinematically distinct stellar populations associated with HVSs?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and GALAH surveys to investigate Galactic abundance trends?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning techniques reveal a need to update the catalogue of classical stellar systems in the Milky Way and identify new structures in the halo and the thick disk?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic potential and gain confidence in the accuracy of the model?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What are the kinematics and properties of the Galactic bar-bulge and how do they compare with models?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machinae, effectively identify cold stellar streams in data from the Gaia telescope without relying on astrophysical assumptions?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Does the presence of binary companions to globular clusters influence the cluster's orbit and affect its interaction with the galactic potential?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, if compared to ground-based surveys?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and measure parameters of up to seven trillion old, cool stars in the Milky Way, and provide unprecedented constraints on the Galactic potential and demographics?
Does the presence of binary companions to globular clusters have a significant impact on the measured kinematics of stars in these clusters, and can the effects of these binaries be accurately modeled?
Is the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the high-velocity tail of the Milky Way's disc proportional to the discrepancy in the observed metallicity in the tail, and can this asymmetry be used to infer the underlying underlying distribution function for the stars in the tail?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What is the nature of the X-ray flares observed in the first two years of operations of the XMM-Newton X-ray satellite, and how do they compare with expectations from different sources of systematic errors?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf galaxies Crater II and Phlegethon, and how are their origins linked to the Milky Way?
Can a non-parametric model based on extinction measurements towards stars of different metallicities be used to derive estimates of the galaxy metallicity distribution function (MDF) and constrain the galaxy environmental effects on the metal-rich and metal-poor populations of stars?
Can the use of the Gaia catalogue with the VVV survey data provide a more accurate distance estimate for the center of the Milky Way and lead to a more complete picture of the nuclear star cluster (NSC)?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is causing the significant difference in the observed metallicity of the globular cluster NGC 2419 and the surrounding field, and is it an internal or external effect?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide more accurate distance estimates for stars in the Milky Way and, thus, allow for more precise measurements of the galaxy's various parameters?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can the Gaia DR3 catalogue be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Does the presence of a dark matter halo in the Galaxy result in a different kinematics and chemical evolution of outer halo stars compared to those in the disk, and can Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to identify and study this population?
What are the different physical processes that drive the expansion of loose and compact massive star clusters, and how do they depend on initial cluster conditions and environment?
Can the Gaia mission's five-dimensional data set, including proper motions, parallaxes, and photometry, be used to establish a chronology for the development of the Milky Way and compare it with other chronologies?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does the discovery of these stars affect our understanding of the Milky Way's local escape speed and virial mass?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud, and how do they relate to the origin of the stars and the evolution of the Galactic disk?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-sample of metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to different nucleosynthetic channels?
Can Gaia provide a more accurate catalogue of open clusters and a deeper understanding of the historical and dynamical properties of the open cluster population, which will allow for the construction of maps that reveal the chemical and dynamical information content of the disk and highlight the boundaries between the thick and thin disk?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of open clusters in the Milky Way, and can they be explained by chemical enrichment and/or mass-loss events?
What is the origin of "young" [$\alpha$/Fe]-enhanced stars with metallicity similar to solar and chemical evolution models, and how do [$\alpha$/Fe]-over-[Fe/H]-curves and s-process abundance patterns relate to each other and the stellar content of s-rich and s-poor materials in?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize open clusters and substantiate their historical and scientific importance?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be attributed to a perturbation rather than a progenitor?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
What are the origins and characteristics of metal-poor stars in the bulge of the Milky Way, and how do their chemical compositions relate to known open clusters and stellar streams?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the distribution of young stars in OB associations and lead to a revision of their historical composition?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV-CL1607 colour-based selection method provide a homogeneous catalogue of $\sim 3\times 10^4$ open clusters, including those with spectral types from F to K, and provide a unique opportunity to study the structure and evolution of the Galactic disk, and the relationship between open?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars with halo-like kinematics in the Solar neighbourhood, and could it be explained by a population of stars that baredly escaped the Galactic center, or the result of a stochastic process?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-sample of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Can the Gaia DR1 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer parts of the spiral arms?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry, particularly the Gaia mission, provide a clearer picture of the structure and kinematics of the Milky Way, including identifying new substructures, and shed light on the age difference between the disk and the halo?
What is the age, distance, and mass of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362, and what is the underlying cause of the large disagreement between different methods?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR3 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide a comprehensive catalogue of open clusters and near-isochrone objects, including their structural and dynamical properties, and reveal the dynamical history and formation pathways of the Spanish Sahara and the star-forming regions associated with the creation of the clusters?
What is the age and metallicity gradient of the Galactic disk as a function of distance and how do they relate to each other and to chemical abundances?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through spectroscopic and photometric analysis of member stars and non-membership for other known streams?
What new nearby white dwarf systems can be identified and characterized through trigonometric parallax measurements and spectroscopic confirmation?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with dwarf spheroidal galaxies?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to identify and study the kinematics and structure of open clusters in the Milky Way?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity information from spectroscopic catalogues be used to identify and characterize merger debris in the disc and halo of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, and can they be compared with previous spectroscopic surveys to validate the metallicity scale?
Can the use of the Gaia mission's first data release with the APOGEE-Gaia harmonization pipeline provide a detailed understanding of the chemical and dynamical properties of the outer thin disc and the halo, and shed light on the history and evolution of the Milky Way?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the catalogue of known open clusters and identify previously undiscovered objects?
Can the use of Gaia data with proper motion measurements provide an accurate distance estimate for any object in the Milky Way and help shed light on the bimodality of the metallicity distribution function in the disk?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Can Gaia DR1 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201 in the Outer Bulge of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally induced supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What are the kinematics and dynamics of the Galactic bar-bulge in the outer parts of the Milky Way and how does it relate to the proper motions measured by the VVV survey?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor stars of a low-mass bulge globular cluster correlate with the metallicity of the host dwarf spheroidal galaxy, and can this be explained by the known kinematics of the globular cluster and the known merger history of the Galaxy?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a fundamental distance indicator?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally induced supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance estimate, spectroscopic survey compatibility, and more?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of Galactic globular clusters, and how do they affect the reconstructed potential and phase-space information of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does the discovery of these stars affect our understanding of the Milky Way's local escape speed and virial mass?
What is the origin of "young" [$\alpha$/Fe]-enhanced stars with stellar ages younger than 6.0 Gyr and [$\alpha$/Fe] ratios above 0.15 dex, which are not expected from known galactic and extragalactic chemical enrichment sources?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and measure proper motions of Galactic halo stars, and can this catalog be combined with photometric and spectroscopic information to select and study the largest possible fraction of these stars?
What is the age, metallicity, and detailed chemical composition of the moderately populated open cluster Pismis 18 located within 2 kpc from the Sun, and how does it compare to other open clusters of similar metallicity?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures that have been previously identified in the halo of the Milky Way galaxy using stellar kinematics, and how do they relate to the known stellar populations and chemical compositions of the halo?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters support a dynamical contribution to the second-parameter effect?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold-dark-matter?
Can a novel approach to deriving structural and dynamical properties of stellar systems from observational data called the Voronoi technique be used to accurately infer the gravitational potential of the Milky Way and constrain the mass of its dark matter halo?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about the source, process, and output?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations be assessed and promising methods and tools for data analysis and modeling be identified?
What is causing the discrepancy between stellar evolution models' predictions and observational results regarding the presence and degree of sodium and aluminum overabundances in red giants, and what factors are influencing the behavior of [Na/Fe] and [Al/Fe] versus [Fe/H]?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the origin and evolution of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical signature and distinct kinematic properties, and how do their physical parameters and chemistry relate to each other?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high transverse velocity stars in the solar neighborhood, and how do they relate to the bimodal high velocity tail and the low velocity tail of the stellar population?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a bias in the estimation of its mass by constraining the kinematics of stellar populations in the disk and inducing a systematic error in the estimation of the dark matter mass?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant stream?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-sample of metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known anomalous abundance ratios in the literature?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to neutron-star mergers?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning framework provide accurate distance estimates for millions of stars and enable comparisons with other methods?
What are the kinematic and chemical properties of the Galactic thin and thick disk and how do they vary with distance and metallicity, and what are the factors that determine the formation location of thick-disk stars?
Can Gaia provide a more complete and accurate catalog of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, compared to catalogues obtained from other data sources?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does the chemical and dynamical properties of the different populations responsible for its formation at different epochs?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population and how do their patterns at different distances from the center of the Milky Way provide new constraints on the \emph{r}-process production mechanisms?
Does the morphology of the 3D structure of the Galactic potential leave a clear imprint on the distribution of Open Clumps and star forming regions in the Galaxy, and can it be used to construct a local segment of the vertical velocity distribution of the disk?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 and VVVX data with hierarchical modeling techniques provide a more comprehensive and accurate estimate of the distance scale of the Galactic disk, including its gradient, and help to understand the formation of the Milky Way and the cosmological evolution of the galaxy?
Can the new STREAMFINDER algorithm discover a large population of stellar streams surrounding the inner Galaxy, and can these structures confirm that they are predominantly metal-poor debris of inner-halo globular clusters?
Can Gaia data be used to identify potential hypervelocity stars and constrain their properties, including metallicity and binarity, which can provide insight into the accretion history and current mass function of the Milky Way?
Can the \Gaia~Data Release 2 astrometric and spectroscopic data be used to identify and characterize the kinematic properties of the thin disk population, including the measurement of the metallicity gradient, and can the data be used to study kinematic structures such as the Local Arm and the Thin Arm?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique subset of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and could the excess [C/H] and [O/H] ratios have different origins?
What are the origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct metallicity and kinematics characteristics previously claimed to be candidate hypervelocity stars?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of velocity stars in the solar neighborhood and can it be explained by a perturbation in the density or gravity field?
What are the possible origins of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how do they relate to the formation of the bulge, cosmological models, and metallicity-dependent star formation rates?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data, updated catalogues, and improved methods provide unprecedented detail and accuracy of the structural and chemical parameters of the Galactic disk, and enable the tracing of its build-up through the accretion of satellites?
What is the nature of the different populations co-existing in the disk of the Milky Way in terms of their chemical and kinematic properties, and what is the cause of the observed chemical discontinuity and counter-rotating stars?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
What are the origins and properties of the phase space structure, specifically the spiral patterns, in the distribution of $\alpha$-abundances in the outer halo globular cluster NGC 1838?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and measure the parameters of open clusters and star clusters, and trace their physical parameters and dynamical properties?
What is the nature and origin of the different populations of kinematically distinct disc stars observed in the solar neighborhood, and how do their chemical compositions and abundances provide key insights into their origin and formation processes?
Can the new Gaia catalogue be used to determine the age, chemistry and kinematics of up to 1 million old stars residing in the Galactic halo, and how does the combination of Gaia DR3 parallax and spectroscopic data improve our knowledge of the older and thicker parts of the Galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's five-dimensional data set, including proper motions, parallaxes, and kinematics, be used to characterize the members of the Hercules stream and determine its full 6D phase space distribution?
Can the Gaia DR3 dataset be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning algorithm provide accurate distance estimates for millions of red clump stars and open clusters, while quantifying the contribution of different systematic errors on the way to a reliable estimate of the distance scale?
Can the {\it Gaia} satellite detect the kinematics of the Galactic warp and confirm it is caused by a population of co-rotating stars?
What is the origin, assembly history, and properties of the debris found in the halo of the Milky Way, and how do they relate to the accretion history and ongoing tidal stripping by the central massive black hole?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can the Gaia DR3 and Gaia TGAS catalogs be used to identify and characterize the kinematic properties of different types of kinematic structures present in the Galactic disk, including ones associated with spiral arms, moving groups, and transient structures?
What is the age of the thick disk and how can it be reconciled with previous determinations?
What new nearby white dwarf systems can be identified and characterized through trigonometric parallax measurements and spectroscopic follow-up?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 $Z$ vs. [M/H] diagram, and how does its spatial distribution and chemical properties provide insight into the formation scenarios for the bimodal MDF?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and distinguish open clusters formed in the Milky Way's disk from those formed in dwarf galaxies or dwarf spheroidals, and provide a sample of open clusters with stellar parameters and abundances along with information on their orbits and distances?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and measure the parameters of open clusters and constrain the distances to them?
Can the Gaia mission be used to determine the absolute proper motions of millions of stars and provide a unique and accurate chronogeographical tool for the study of the European Galactic Coordinate System (EACS) and the Gaia-ESO Survey proper motions?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can a novel approach using a polynomial photometric model trained on a large sample of variable stars accurately derive stellar parameters and abundances, and provide a more precise determination of the metallicity of the Galactic thin disc?
Does the metallicity and age of the globular cluster M4 vary linearly with the Galactocentric distance, and can they be used to obtain an independent estimate of the local dark matter density?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 1261?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV-CL1608 photometric catalog reveal an extended halo around the Large Magellanic Cloud, including possible globular clusters, and provide a template for future for studies of the Galactic halo?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
