Do the kinematic and chemical properties of stars in the Milky Way's disk and halo differ and can they be identified using a machine learning algorithm?
What is the nature of hypervelocity stars and their ejection mechanisms, and can a statistical sample of HVSs from the LAMOST spectroscopic surveys and the upcoming Gaia mission provide vital constraints on the ejection efficiency and mass loss rate of globular clusters?
What is the cause of the "bumpy" pattern seen in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and how likely is it to be a temporary perturbation or a small random fluctuation?
Did the thick disk set the initial conditions for the formation of the thin disk and is there a correlation between the stellar ages of the thick and thin disks?
Can the Gaia mission's initial data release be used to determine the kinematics of the thin and thick disks and provide insight into the dynamical evolution of the Milky Way?
What is the origin and properties of the HR 1614 moving group and how can it be explained by different scenarios such as a merger event, a disrupted dwarf galaxy, or a progenitorless accretion?
What are the accurate distance estimates for globular clusters can be obtained by combining data from Gaia DR3 parallaxes with Bayesian sky background modelling?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion and confirm that the Milky Way is gravitationally tethered at the Local Maximum?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a clear imprint on the properties of phase-mixed debris streams, specifically for the Helmi streams in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through spectroscopic and photometric analyses?
Does the presence of binary companions in globular clusters affect their kinematics and what constraints can be placed on the mass and distance of the Milky Way using the kinematics of these objects?
What is the most accurate and robust method for determining spectro-photometric distances of red giant stars in the Galactic disk using synthetic isochrones and compared to other methods?
Can the use of Gaia data with PSF-matching techniques provide a more comprehensive understanding of the spatial and kinematic distribution of objects in the Milky Way, leading to a richer picture of the system's substructure and kinematic history?
What is the origin of high velocity stars and can it be determined through measuring their chemical abundances and analyzing their orbits?
Is there a possible correlation between the period and the age of the open clusters, and can the period of the variables in these clusters be used to derive their atmospheric parameters and mass loss estimates?
Can the Gaia DR3 catalogue be used to detect and characterize the kinematic and chemical properties of the inflowing stellar halo in the Galactic center, and provide a preview of what to expect from future studies of the low-mass stellar populations in the vicinity of the accreted progenitor dwarf galaxy?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Could the observed "bump" in the metallicity of the Galactic thin disk be explained by a population of dynamically young stars, and is there evidence for a recent starburst in the thick disk?
Are the observed breathing motions in the Milky Way a result of resonances with a population of yet-to-be-discovered dwarf galaxies, and can cosmological simulations provide a way to constrain the galaxy's present-day space density and determine whether or not it has been void-free throughout its history?
Are the possible extended star clusters in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy the result of tidal slingshot orbits from interaction with the Large Magellanic Cloud, and can the overdensities in the star counts in the stellar halo be explained by the broken density profile of the tidal tails?
What is the mass of the Milky Way's dark matter halo, and how does it relate to the observed position and velocity of the Leo I dwarf spheroidal galaxy?
Could the recent passage of a large asteroid cause the observed slight shift in the position of a small moon, and could this shift be measured with upcoming surveys such as Gaia and 4MOST?
Can an improved Gaia DR4 parallax bias be determined as a function of distance, color, and ecliptic latitude using a single method applied to stars in open clusters, globulars, the LMC, and the SMC?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both red giant stars and blue stragglers?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-sets to obtain accurate distances and metallicities?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by the perturbation caused by a large object passing through the stream?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to successfully estimate spectro-photometric distances of stars, and can it be trained and validated using data from the Gaia archive?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor a supermassive black hole?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VV 291, a carbon-enhanced metal-poor globular cluster with a kinematical profile similar to a tidal dwarf galaxy, and how does its outer halo-like profile and tidal tail suggest a disrupted tidal dwarf galaxy?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in galaxies over time, taking into account delayed enrichment from low-mass satellites, multiple bursts of star formation, and dynamic star formation zones?
Can the 'Gaia' mission be used to determine the stellar parameters, distances, and abundances for nearly a billion stars and reveal new information about the structure and evolution of the Milky Way?
Can chemical abundances, particularly the [$\alpha$/Fe] ratio, [O/Fe], and [Zn/Fe], be used as age proxies to derive stellar ages for different metallicities?
How do energetically unbound stars known as potential escapers impact the kinematics of stellar populations in globular clusters, and what constraints can be placed on their properties and escape speed?
What is the mass of the Milky Way within a distance of 12 kpc and is there coherent stellar velocity structure in the halo that can explain the break in anisotropy in the 15-25 kpc region?
What is the origin of "dwarf" and "dense" globular clusters, and how do their kinematics and chemical compositions differ?
Could the recent passage of the Large Magellanic Cloud have triggered the wave observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the solar neighborhood, and what other factors may have contributed to its explanation?
What are the properties and characteristics of simulated Milky Way-mass galaxies that have undergone both a Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage merger and a recent accretion of a Large Magellanic Cloud, and can the merger signature in these galaxies be distinguished from the signature left by a recent accretion of the LMC?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23 and isolate the core of the cluster, confirming its stellar-mass and chemical authenticity?
Can data mining and statistical techniques identify previously undiscovered substructures in the rich and poor halo regions of the Milky Way, including those associated with known merger events, and provide a complementary approach to galaxy formation and structure studies?
Can chemical abundances of red giant stars in open clusters be used to detect interesting substructures, and what constraints can be derived on the large scale structure of the Galaxy from the observed patterns in the space density and velocity dispersion of different clusters?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-CL160, a dynamically interesting star with a wide range of possibilities for its classification, and how can further spectroscopic and photometric observations help to constrain its physical parameters and chemical abundances?
Can the Gaia mission's science objectives be achieved using a hypothetical dataset constructed from a mixture of mock signals generated using Gaia DR2 simulation tools?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and determine their physical parameters, including distances, ages, and binarity rates?
How do the chemical abundances of red giant stars in open clusters relate to stellar nucleosynthesis and Galactic chemo-dynamical evolution, and how do they compare to previous results obtained in studies of open clusters, globular clusters, and the thick and thin disks of the Galaxy?
Is the co-rotation resonance what stabilizes the spiral structure in the Galactic disk and is it related to the water masers?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can the formation of spirals in the (z,v_z) phase plane of solar-neighbourhood stars, observed in both Milky Way and its neighbor galaxies, be explained by a simple model that considers the amplitude and frequency of stars' vertical oscillations and the tidal force exerted by massive substructures passing through the Galactic plane?
What is the mass of the Milky Way and how can it be accurately determined using the systemic proper motions of old open clusters measured by the VVV survey?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new Wavelet Transform Machine help identify and study stellar streams in the Milky Way by overcoming the challenge of separating them from background galaxies and improving their detection sensitivity by at least three times compared to other methods?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify and measure the three-dimensional structures of the Galactic disc, including the spiral arms, the outer warp, and the inner stellar warp, as well as the spiral density wave and pattern speed of the Milky Way's outer disc?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a generic feature of all bar-like galaxies and can it be confirmed by analyzing a large sample of $\sim 300$ bar-like galaxies from the {\it Gaia} Early Data Release 3?
Are the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy's thick disk that are observed to have different metallicity distribution functions formed at comparable times and did their bimodal [Mn/Fe] distribution originate in the thin disk?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does understanding the origin of these stars at the forefront of the Milky Way's gravitational field inform us about the galaxy's local velocity distribution?
What are the origins of ultra metal-poor stars and what can their orbits tell us about the early formation of the Milky Way?
Do massive stars have to be born in dense clusters or can they be found in less dense environments and potentially migrate there?
What are the properties and distinct components of old populations in the Milky Way based on the metallicity distribution of fundamental-mode RR Lyrae stars detected by the OGLE survey?
Can the use of new and more reliable distance and proper motion measurements, combined with precise orbits from Gaia DR2, significantly improve the accuracy of the local matter density and consequently the gravitational potential in the solar neighborhood, and can this new density field be used to constrain the various effects of matter on different astrophysical systems in the neighborhood of the Sun?
Can the Gaia DR1 parallax bias be quantified and eliminated from distance estimates using a homogeneous sample of primary stellar spectroscopic parallaxes?
Can the behavior of the dominant mode in a perturbation series of an arbitrary celestial body be predicted using a finite element method and compared to analytical estimates and observations?
Can Gaia measurements of proper motions be used to identify and study the dynamical properties of minor objects in the Milky Way, including the sub-centimeter asteroid stream surrounding the globular cluster M13 and the distant stellar stream associated with a former tidal disruption event in the outer disk?
Did the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus gas-rich merger induce a starburst, contributing to the chemical enrichment and creating conditions for the formation of star clusters in the local interstellar space?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer disc populations vary in terms of their heating and kinematics compared to inner disc populations?
What are the kinematic constraints on the chemical evolution of the Galactic thin disc using open clusters as probes and what is the role of the spiral arms in the formation of the $\alpha$-enhanced objects?
What are the kinematics and dynamics of the outer halo, and what are the possible formation scenarios for the low-mass satellite system in the outer halo of the Milky Way?
Are the proposed stellar members of Chamaeleon I and II chemically distinguishable from each other and from other open clusters?
Can the use of GALAH data with \textit{Gaia} DR2 parallaxes plus 5D spectro-photometric information, compared with Gaia \textit{TGAS} parallaxes, reduce systematic errors in distance estimates and allow for better-constrained samples of stars with [Fe/H] measurements?
Are the low-luminosity dwarf galaxies Crater II and Hercules a combined system that has been distorted by the Large Magellanic Cloud, providing a unique opportunity to study the external perturbations that have affected it?
Can a non-parametric model for the Galactic potential be constructed that accurately predicts the number density and chemical abundances of stars in the Open Cluster NGC 2818, and can this model be used to constrain the chemodynamical parameters of the Galaxy?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can we use spectroscopic and astrometric values measured for individual stars to calculate their distances, chemical abundances, and kinematics, and investigate the parameters space of the Galaxy models?
Does the abundance of s-process neutron-capture elements increase in a gradient with decreasing stellar age, and is there a possible break in the gradient at an intermediate stellar age?
Does the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the leading and trailing tidal tails of open clusters support the "tidal tails are young" hypothesis?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between them?
Can the dynamics of individual stars be modeled to infer constraints on the stellar and dark matter mass distribution within our galaxy, and can this technique be applied to measure the dark matter mass and constrain the galaxy's gravitational potential accurately?
What is the origin of the dominant stellar halo component with high metallicity and retrograde kinematics in the solar neighborhood, and how is it linked to an ancient head-on collision with a large dwarf galaxy?
What is the formation scenario of Westerlund 2 (Wd2) and can it be explained by either the disruption of a small cluster or the evaporative removal of gas from a massive proto-cluster?
Can a new methodology consisting of high-dimensional data analysis and a particle spray code be used to identify extra-tidal stars associated with globular clusters and determine their physical parameters, including metallicity and distance?
Is the outer halo of the Milky Way galaxy fragmented into sub-haloes due to the strong gravitational potential of the inner dark matter mass, and can cosmological simulations separate the fractions of stars originating from each sub-halo and measure the mass of the halo and the sub-halo mass function?
What is the total mass and density profile of the Milky Way and how is it affected by the presence of a massive Large Magellanic Cloud and unbound stars?
Can Gaia provide a better understanding of the dynamics of the Galactic disc and open clusters by measuring their orbital parameters, kinematics, and providing a detailed map of the abundance distribution?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize open clusters and candidate stellar origins for known and proposed hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 6761 coeval, and can the sum of A(C+N+O) abundances provide information on the formation history of the cluster?
Can white dwarf stars be used as reliable cosmochronometers to identify and derive an age distribution of the Hercules stellar stream by analyzing their kinematic characteristics?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the effect of different potential models on the interpretation of spectroscopic measurements?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor a supermassive black hole that is regularly exposed to infalling red giant stars, which can be identified through their chemical signature and traced to being born in the core of $\omega$ Centauri?
Can the behavior of uncertainties in Gaia EDR3 parallaxes be characterized and a procedure for the calculation of distances to stars and stellar clusters be provided?
What is the origin of a group of kinematically and chemically distinct halo stars in the Solar neighborhood, and how do their trajectories and chemical composition provide evidence for the disrupted accretion event of a dwarf galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Do young stars in the Perseus arm exhibit coherent outward motion with a possible convergence zone near the W3/W4/W5 region?
How does the contraction of dark matter halo leads to a significant reduction in the required dark matter density to account for the observed overdensity of stars in the solar neighborhood, and what implications does this have for the interpretation of cosmological observations and the design of future experiments?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize the structures of the tidal debris field surrounding the Galactic globular cluster M67 and provide unprecedented constraints on the cluster's past tidal encounters?
What is the structure and properties of the outer Galactic disc, including the warp, ridges, and spiral arms, as determined by analyzing open clusters located in all four quadrants and incorporating accurate distance estimates and proper motion measurements?
What is the nature of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local open clusters, and how can the distribution function parameters (e.g., scale length, sigma_el, and metallicity-dependent alpha) be used to derive structural and chemical information about the clusters and the Galactic environment?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what implications does this have for the interpretation of observed kinematics and chemical properties in the disk and the bulge?
What are the different mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematic map of [$\alpha$/Fe] in the Galactic thin disc and how do they relate to the formation of different [$\alpha$/Fe] environments in the Galaxy?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?Can the dynamics of tidally induced spiral arms in the Milky Way be studied and compared to N-body simulations and observational data to infer the potential and perturbation's initial conditions, as well as the arm kinematics and longevity?
What are the astrophysical parameters, distance, and age estimates, as well as the detailed abundances and spatial distributions of open clusters associated with Gaia DR1 open clusters catalogue, and what is the age difference between the oldest Open Cluster associated with Gaia DR1 open clusters catalogue and the youngest open cluster associated with Gaia DR2 open clusters catalogue?
What are the metallicity gradients of the Galactic thick disk in the radial and vertical directions and how do they differ between thin and thick disk stars?
What is the mass, mass density profile, and radial velocity distribution of the Milky Way's dark matter halo within 150 kpc from the Galactic center?
Can the proper motion of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galaxy's?
What is the structure of the outer Galactic disc, specifically the warp, and can it be accurately studied using star counts obtained from Gaia DR2?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with the VVV survey provide a more comprehensive catalogue of open clusters and near-isolation bins for distance estimates, leading to a more precise determination of the local standard of rest and, consequently, the local Hubble constant?
How does the contraction of the dark matter halo during the formation of luminous satellites affect the sensitivity of dwarf spheroidal galaxies to the dark matter distribution?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a clear imprINT in the phase-space distribution of stars in the solar neighbourhood, and can it be used to construct a map of the potential that is compatible with the James Webb Telescope's mission objectives?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations to derive a more accurate model for the gravitational potential of the galaxy, while simultaneously constraining the parameters of the base galaxy model and the dark matter mass?
Do the chemical inhomogeneities observed in the Milky Way's younger stars correlate with the location of spiral arms, indicating that the spiral arms are the origin of these chemical features?
What are the origins of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how do the bimodal MDFs in the thin disk and thick disk populations relate to the bimodal MDF observed in the globular cluster NGC 288?
Is the linear structure of 25 star-forming regions in a segment of the Sagittarius Arm a substructure within the lower density crests of the arm, a spur, or an isolated event?
Can the formation of a new resonance in the outer disk of a central dark matter halo be explained by the excitation of a specific kinematic mode in the disk and be used to constrain the radial and vertical force components of the halo's gravitational potential?
Can Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiraling and counter-rotating substructures in the outer disc?
What is the nature of the kinematic behavior of the Galactic disk beyond the solar neighborhood and how does it vary based on metallicity and alpha enhancement?
Is there evidence of kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy, and if so, what are its origins and implications for galaxy formation models?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
What mechanisms were involved in the formation of very metal-poor stars with disk kinematics and those that formed in halo environments but retained their kinematics?
How does radial migration affect the Galactic disk and what are the different mechanisms behind this process for young and old open clusters?
Can the "Gaia mission" data be used to constrain the Galaxy potential and derive new parameters, such as the distance to the Sun, while also providing a test-bed for new methods of Bayesian parameter estimation?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Did the merger event between the Galaxy and Enceladus inhibit the formation of a massive satellite galaxy in the same way that the merger event with the Large Magellanic Cloud did, leading to a prolonged period of starburst activity in the host disk and the formation of a thick disk with a broadened distribution of metallicities?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations and a combination of chemical and kinematical information to build a detailed picture of its assembly history and understand the origin of the low-mass satellite galaxies that make up the globular cluster systems of the inner and outer halo?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a unique imprint on the properties of phase-space spirals in the $z$ versus $J_K$ plane, specifically the $z_\text{$Peak$}$-$\sigma_J$ and $\sigma_\text{$z_\text{$Peak$}$}$-Thorne-?
Can Gaia kinematics be used to discover thousands of new stellar systems, including those associated with known clusters, and provide a clearer picture of the spatial and kinematical structure of the Galactic halo?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to super-relativistic velocities and how does the discovery of these stars affect our understanding of the galaxy's gravitational potential and dark matter distribution?
Could the Milky Way dwarf spheroidals be DM-free and tidally shocked near their pericenters, leading to a significant shift in our understanding of the halo’s particle composition?
What is the most appropriate model for tracing the metal-rich tail of halo stars that can account for the observed overdensity, metallicity, kinematics, and age?
Can Gaia kinematics be used to discover thousands of new candidate stellar streams, including in directions with no previous catalog of structure, and provide a complementary dataset to help constrain the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and distinguish open clusters that formed in the bulge of the Milky Way from those formed in the disk, and can the open cluster catalogs be used to construct a map of the disk and identify unknown open clusters?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the value of the Galactic anisotropy parameter?
Is FSR 1776 a confirmed globular cluster located in the Galactic bulge, and can its physical parameters be properly characterized through isochrone fitting and Bayesian mass estimation?
How and when were the progenitors of Milky Way-sized galaxies assembled, and did bulges and disks form in lockstep or through separate processes?
Do the observed kinematic substructures in the halo of the Milky Way galaxy at certain distances from the center of the galaxy correlate with the location of globular clusters, and provide evidence for a correlation between the kinematics of the stellar halo and the kinematics of globular clusters?
Did the Milky Way accrete a satellite galaxy at an early age that merged with the early disk, and did this event trigger the formation of a chemically distinct low-$\alpha$ disk and perturb a significant fraction of its stars?
Are the observed kinematic substructures in the tidal tails of open clusters a result of a stochastic process or an alternative theory to cold-dark-matter cosmology is required to explain them?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
Does the structure and size of globular clusters and dwarf galaxies in the Milky Way's halo depend on their orbital pericenter, and can these objects be used to constrain the shape of the halo and the velocity dispersion of the dwarf galaxies?
Does M54 represent a transitional system between globular clusters with and without dark matter halos, and how does its evolution within the galaxy depend on the time of accretion and orbital pericenter?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with PSF-matching techniques provide a much less biased and more reliable estimation of the population parameters of the young stellar association Gaia 1 compared to previous studies?
What is the relationship between scale height and radial action in the Galactic disks and how do thick and thin disks differ in their ability to mobilize resources and build structure on timescales of 10<sup>3</sup> years?
Does a diffuse gaseous galactic halo medium play a significant role in quenching dwarf galaxies in the Milky Way?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-cubes, and can the resulting parameters be used to establish a baseline for comparing spectroscopically derived parameters with those obtained through alternative methods?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local open clusters and how does it relate to the bimodality in the Gaia DR2 metallicities?
What are the different origin scenarios for the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how do they relate to the observed kinematics, chemical abundances, and age distribution in the region?
Does the presence and amount of binary companions in globular clusters correlate with the cluster's metallicities and thus the fraction of first and second generation stars present in the cluster?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly the disk-bulge-halo paradigm?
Does the presence of a dark matter minihalo surrounding a globular cluster protect it from tidal stripping and explain the observed kinematics deviations in Gaia-Tycho-TGAS?
Did the Gaia DR3 parallax catalog reveal and provide observational constraints on large numbers of new stellar parameters for which compared stellar models were required?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Milky Way, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance, radial velocity, and kinematics of its stars?
Did the Milky Way accrete a satellite galaxy at an early age that merged with the early disk, and did this event trigger the formation of a chemically distinct low-$\alpha$ disk and disrupt a fraction of its stars?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions that are adapted for the task of parametrizing a particular model's free parameters?
What is the formation scenario of Westerlund 2 (Wd2) and its bimodal velocity distribution function (VDF) in the outer disk of the Milky Way?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of open clusters correlated, and can the identification of cluster kinematics and chemistry predictions provide insights into the formation and evolution of the Milky Way?
What are the different formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 2419?
Can Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide a more complete picture of the inner halo by extending previous studies to include more galaxies and regions of the sky beyond the Galactic center, and can this data set be used to study the kinematics of the inner halo in more detail?
Could the true nuclear star clusters (NSCs) accreted by the Milky Way be identified and traced to accretion events witnessed by the Gaia DR2 astrometric catalogue?
What is the total gravitational potential model of the Milky Way Galaxy and what is the estimated total mass of the galaxy based on kinematic measurements of the GD-1 stream and predictions from the STREAMFINDER algorithm?
Are the chemical sequences in the Milky Way formed in a bottom-up fashion from single-star chemical evolution models, and can we detect and quantify them using future large spectroscopic surveys and a consistent set of chemical parameters?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates, and constrain the Galactic chemical evolution models?
What are the possible astrophysical scenarios for the formation of a hypervelocity star with a metallicity different from the one of its progenitor star and why is it necessary to constrain the metallicity dependence of the escape speed to accurately interpret the hypervelocity star catalog?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Are the low-latitude globular clusters Terzan 10 and Djorgovski 1 a part of the Galactic bulge/bar region or do they represent an independent formation in the disk?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Do open clusters show an increasing trend in neutron-capture abundance of s-process elements (Zr, Ba, La) as a function of decreasing cluster age, and what factors affect the observed trends?
What is the mass of the Milky Way galaxy and how can it be accurately determined using the systemic proper motions of halo stars measured by the VVV survey and the two-point correlations in the Gaia Early Data Release 3 catalogue?
Can a neural architecture trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on the astrometric noise around them?
What is the age and origin of the debris found in the Galactic halo, as well as any potential progenitor systems?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the local stellar halo of the Milky Way, including the high energy retrograde component and the low energy anisotropic component?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disk population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity objects and potentially provide a more robust link between astronomy and physics?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on the astrometric prediction residuals of a given catalog entry?
Can we use the kinematics of a dynamically cool stellar stream in the Milky Way halo to constrain the mass distribution and overall geometry of the galaxy, and determine whether the Galactic halo is nearly in equilibrium or not?
Can the use of astrometry and photometry data from the Gaia mission help identify and evaluate the scientific potential of promising new clusters and overdensities in the galaxy, including in the outer disc, and contribute to a comprehensive catalogue of substructures in the Milky Way?
Can the use of multiband photometry and accurate Gaia-EDR3 parameters allow for a detailed study of the largest and most complex open cluster in the Milky Way, NGC 288, and provide a template for investigating other massive open clusters in the galaxy?
What is the origin of the core of the Galactic stellar halo and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the formation of spirals in the $R-$$Z_1$ phase plane of stellar populations in the solar neighborhood, observed in both the horizontal and vertical planes, be explained by a simple model that considers the amplitude and periodicity of the Galactic bar and its sheaths?
Did the merger event between the Galaxy and Enceladus inhibit the formation of a large numnber of stars in the disk beyond 2 Gyr and 1/2 Kpc from the center, as predicted by numerical simulations, and can the distribution of red giant stars confirm and constrain the initial disk and halo populations of the Galaxy?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Do open clusters show an increasing trend in their effective temperature with increasing Galactocentric distance, and how reliable is the Wendland formula for converting cluster effective temperatures into absolute ones?
Does the Gaia-ESO Survey Data Release 1 provide a homogeneous and comprehensive catalogue of $> 300\,\rm{mu}\mathit{m}$ astrometric distances to $> 30000$ reference stars, including basic statistics, calibration information, and identification comments, and can it be used as a reference catalogue for future spectroscopic surveys?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique subset of the most metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
What are the properties and characteristics of the low-luminosity, red-giant branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 6652, and can they be identified as helium-enhanced or not?
Do isolated neutron stars and black holes exist in our Galaxy in vast numbers, and can they be identified using microlensing events and astrometric measurements?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream associated with NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Are the chemical inhomogeneities observed in the Milky Way's younger stars a result of the disk kinematics or formation of the stellar halo?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
Do the chemically distinct subpopulations of stars in the Omega Centauri dwarf galaxy, known as the Alpha and Beta populations, have different kinematics and how do their orbits compare to other halo stars of similar metallicity?
Do the new values of the orbital parameters of 152 globular clusters determined using mean proper motions obtained from the Gaia catalogue match the predictions of the globular cluster models prepared for the Gaia mission?
Can a novel approach of consistently populating star particles with stars, tracing the evolution of the stellar mass function at high resolution, allow for the most precise measurement of the initial mass function and provide a template for future studies?
Can the Gaia FGK Benchmark Stars library provide a homogeneous and reproducible method to assess and calibrate spectral analyses in current and future spectroscopic surveys?
Can the use of astrometry and photometry data from the Gaia mission help identify and characterize variable star populations in the Milky Way, including open clusters, and provide insights into the history and evolution of the galaxy?
What is the nature, assembly history, and dynamics of the debris field associated with the $V\beta$-object in the Milky Way, and can it be explained by processes such as tidal stripping or ejection from a dwarf galaxy?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of Open Clusters consistent with them being the primordial building blocks of the Galactic disc?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of Galactic globular clusters defined by their chemical and kinematic properties, and how do they relate to the two dominant progenitor candidates for the Milky Way's globular cluster system -- massive accretion and/or a composite relic of a dwarf galaxy?
What is the nature and origin of the significant residual detected in the Milky Way halo model, and how can it be disentangled to understand the properties of the system's stars, dark matter, and baryons?
Are the chemical abundances of stars in the high-energy retrograde halo, which have low $\alpha$-element abundances and are kinematically suspicious, consistent with the idea that there has been substantial dynamical mixing in the Milky Way retrograde haloes?
Is there strong correlation between Gaia DR2 parallax and spectroscopically confirmed distance in the bulge of the Milky Way, and can Bayesian distances provide a more precise and quantitative measurement of the distance to each star?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 1851 coeval, and can the sum of A(C+N+O) abundances provide information on the formation history of the cluster?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can this correlation be used to establish an empirical metallicity scale for the open cluster NGC 2818?
What are the kinematics and dynamics of two spiral arms and a diffuse stellar halo in the Galaxy, and how do they explain the observed velocity dispersion profiles and ratios?
Can Gaia provide a clearer picture of the structure and evolution of the thin disk of the Milky Way, including the identification of cool-core and warm-core sub-structures, the tracing of the spiral arms, and the measurement of the rotation curve and the dynamical matter density?
What are the possible formation scenarios for the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, including classical scenarios involving a spiral arms and a gas giant, and new ideas such as a planar/dwarf spheroid collision or a bar heating imbalance?
What are the chemical abundances and radial abundance gradients of thin and thick disk stars across different ages and how do they vary with metallicity?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream associated with globular cluster M92 by comparing their physical parameters and searching for distinct overdensities in particular isotope abundances or specific stellar parameters?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of open clusters correlated, and can the study of open clusters provide insights into the history and evolution of the Milky Way?
What are the chemical and kinematic properties of the Galactic thin and thick disk and how do they vary with distance and metallicity, and what are the factors affecting the formation of the thick disk?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its galaxy and dark matter components?
Could the recent passage of a large black hole in the Milky Way main disk trigger the burst of star formation observed in the bulge of the galaxy and in certain globular clusters, and be a universal signature of such an event?
Is there a signal of dark matter annihilation or decay in the diffuse gamma-ray emission in the Milky Way Halo region, which would have a flux 10^3 times higher than predicted by current indirect detection experiments?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 1851 coeval, and can the sum of A(C+N+O) abundances provide information on the formation history of the cluster?
Are all the Galactic globular clusters single-population candidates or do they host multiple chemical compounds, including metal-poor stars that can be identified through the distinctive characteristics of their elemental abundance patterns?
What is the structure and origin of the newly identified cluster, $\omega$ Centuri, and how does it relate to the previously known ones, such as Monoceros, in terms of kinematics and chemistry?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-232, a carbon-enhanced metal-poor star with a flat and eccentric velocity ellipsoid and a large anisotropy parameter?
Do the observed different behaviours of the dominant spiral modes in simulations of barred and unbarred galaxies as a function of numerical resolution provide a way to constrain the nature of Galactic spiral arms?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to some systematic effects?
Can the Gaia DR4 catalogue be used to detect and characterize the kinematic substructure of the inner halo in a way that is immune to the effects of overdensities in the galaxy distribution?
What is the most accurate method for determining the absolute magnitude and distance of M54, and can it serve as a reference point for future studies on the structure and evolution of the Milky Way?
What are the accurate distance estimates for the Galactic globular clusters NGC 288, NGC 362, and NGC 6218 and how do they vary between different distance-determination methods?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mostly rule out that they are from a neutron star/black hole supernova precursors or diffuse electron-capture deficient neutron star supernovae?
Can a self-consistent dynamical model based on gravitational potential obtained from fitting Gaia data be used to accurately determine the kinematics and densities of sub-components of different ages in the Milky Way, and can this model be used to compute orbits for real stars in our galaxy?
What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way disc's stellar kinematics, and how does it constrain the galaxy's mass distribution and dark halo properties?
Can the "VISTA Variables in the Via Lactea eXtended (VVVX)" survey identify and provide information on previously undiscovered open clusters and stellar streams in the Galactic halo?
Are hypervelocity stars with nominal Galactocentric distances greater than 30 kpc and speeds exceeding 200 km/s anomalous in the Milky Way, and can the HVS catalogue be modified to detect more of them?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 data with PSF-matching and proper PSF-driven parallax estimation facilitate the measurement of stellar parameters, distances, and velocities, and provide a homogeneous stellar dataset for the Southern Galactic bulge?
Can a neural network approach using photometry and parallax with isochrones accurately estimate the ages and masses of red giant stars, and can it be used to study spatial and kinematic gradients as well as possible merger events in the outer halo?
What mechanisms are responsible for the ejection of late-B type unbound hyper-runaway stars from the Galactic disk?
What is the most accurate model for predicting the gravitational potential of the Milky Way Galaxy, in terms of the phase-space distribution function, and how does combining data from Gaia, \textit{Astrometry}, and \textit{DR2}: Galaxy models and the Galaxy potential.
 ### Background: The distribution of matter in the Milky Way is a?
Can the VVV survey be used to efficiently identify and parametrize variable sources in Galactic globular clusters and improve our understanding of their physical parameters, such as distance, extinction, and metallicity?
What is the mass of the Milky Way and the accuracy of its measurement using the systemic proper motions of satellite galaxies determined in a homogeneous and isotropic model atmosphere?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, host a supermassive black hole, and can the effects of its mass shadow on the stellar debris track be measured to test whether it is a supermassive black hole?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion with respect to the Galactic center and test different gravity theories?
Are the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy's thick disk that are observed to have different metallicity compositions the result of a dynamic equilibrium scenario in which the low-velocity population is siphoning stars from the high-velocity population and vice versa?
How do stellar interactions among cluster members affect mass loss after gas expulsion in massive and loosely bound stellar clusters?
What is the origin of high velocity stars that have metallicity above -0.5 dex and can they be classified based on their chemical composition and orbital characteristics?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a gravitational-momentum-conservation-breaking deformation of the stellar disc and affect the formation of kinematic substructures, and can cosmological simulations provide a consistent and quantitative understanding of the bar's effects?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations to obtain a more detailed picture of its assembly history and understand the constraints on the assembly prescription of the Milky Way?
Can the dynamics of tidally induced spiral arms in the Milky Way be studied using a continuous-time Hamiltonian approach and can the secular evolution of the arms be compared to the initial conditions obtained from a full-field numerical simulation?
How does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, affect the kinematics and chemical evolution of the local medium-metal-rich field population?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectro-photometric distance estimates for 1.1 million stars and construct a catalogue of 1D velocity components, including metallicity, for 1.25 million objects, and provide a homogeneous and comprehensive understanding of the metal-rich disc of the Milky Way?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed, as well as constrain the scale heights and scale lengths of the outer parts of the Galactic disc?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a small sample of metal-deficient globular clusters, and how do they relate to known open clusters, young galactic fires, and dynamical effects?
Does the Hercules stream in the Milky Way consist of stars orbiting the Lagrange points of the Galactic bar, as predicted by a dynamical model based on observed kinematic and chemical properties?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and GALAH surveys to evaluate their methodological assumptions and potential biases?
Can data driven neural networks be used to accurately derive spectro-photometric distances of stars, and can this approach be used to investigate large samples of stars in the Gaia dataset to constrain the kinematics and chemical evolution of the Milky Way?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct parts, an inner and outer halo, and can the kinematics of satellite galaxies be used to constrain the scale length of the inner halo?
Is there a correlation between the period and the age of $r$-process neutron star candidates in \textit{Gaia} Data Release 3?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population and how are their patterns related to the Milky Way's history and evolution?
Are the double red-giant stars in globular clusters NGC 1851 and M10 kinematically distinguishable, and can their chemical abundances provide information on the history of the clusters?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and distinguish between open and closed clusters based on their kinematics, and can the clusters be used to trace the history of the material from which they formed?
How does the structure and size of globular clusters and dwarf galaxies affect their survival in the presence of a supermassive black hole?
Is there a correlation between stellar galactocentric velocity and planet occurrence in the Solar neighborhood?
What is the mass profile of the Milky Way within a certain distance range and how accurate are the estimates?
What is the cause of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf spheroidals be explained?
Can the behavior of uncertainties in Gaia data products be analyzed to determine the accuracy and precision of different information categories, and can this information be used to improve data reduction pipelines and calibration methods?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what are the significant effects that the bar can have on the surrounding disc?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the local stellar halo of the Milky Way, including the high velocity component and resonant component, and can they be better understood through the measurement of their kinematics and chemical abundances?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the Milky Way's stellar halo, including the high-velocity component and the dynamically hot component?
What caused the phase spiral and other perturbations in the phase space of the Milky Way's disc galaxies 3.5 Gyr ago, and could the "intruder" galaxy NGC 7006 have been the culprit?
Is the linear structure of 25 star-forming regions in a segment of the Large Magellanic Cloud a trace of a tidal stream generated from a larger galaxy?
What is the nature and origin of the significant X-ray flares observed in the first 2.5 years of the Chandra X-ray Observatory's mission?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects all age populations across the Galaxy, and can it be used to constrain the Galaxy's gravitational potential and test different models of gravitational potential?
Does the presence of a dark matter halo in the Milky Way lead to the formation of extra-tidal stars in the disk that can be identified through their chemical signature and astrometric data?
What is the origin of high velocity stars that have metallicity above -0.5 dex and can they originate from the Galactic center or were they kicked up from the Galactic disk?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Does the observed differences in metallicity and vertical velocity among kinematic groups in the Solar Neighborhood relate to differences in their mean age?
Can an alternative approach that treats galaxies as macro-scale phenomena, rather than a collection of individual stellar populations, provide a clearer understanding of the history and assembly of the Milky Way, and be used to constrain the galaxy's assembly process, particularly in terms of the gas cooling and disk heating rates required for the formation of a major axis length ≈ 30 kpc?
What is the age and origin of the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus galaxy, and how does it relate to the formation of other structures such as the Hercules-Aquila tidal stream and Orphan Stream?
Can the Gaia data release 2 provide a comprehensive catalogue of open clusters and enable detailed studies of the stellar populations, e.g., identifying the variables K and L stars, determining the age of the clusters, and providing a homogeneous seed catalogue for the Monte Carlo N-body simulations?
What are the chemical and dynamical properties of stars stripped from the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy over time, and how do they differ from the core of the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy and other dynamically older stream samples?
Does the observed difference in the metallicity of two clusters of similar age and formation mechanisms, namely NGC 6522 and NGC 2419, provide a way to constrain the chemical enrichment of the Universe at redshifts 2.7 < z < 3.9?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 1851 coeval, and can the sum of A(C+N+O) abundances provide information on the formation history of the cluster?
Can a three-stage method, using t-SNE, hierarchical clustering, and Gaussian processes, accurately identify and morph discrete stellar populations in a simulated spectroscopic survey of the Galaxy?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Are the possible extended star clusters or even young proto-galaxies detected in the nearby IR images of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6652, and how likely are they to be spurious detections caused by background stars or background galaxies?
What is the origin of the low-metallicity, kinematically interesting halo globular cluster NGC 5779 and how does it relate to the Milky Way accretion event and the build-up of its neutral halo?
Can the Gaia spacecraft be used to measure the proper motions of hundreds of millions of stars and detect structures in the Galactic potential that have been predicted by theoretical models?
What is the cause of the different behaviors of the dominant spiral modes in simulations of barred and unbarred galaxies, and how do the modes interact with the bar and other substructures in the halo?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 1261?
What are the different origins of the metal-poor stars in the Galactic bulge and how do they relate to the formation of the Milky Way's bulge and its history?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can the Gaia mission's precise distance measurements, rich chemical data content, and large survey area be used to detect and study the massive and weakly-bound stellar halo, and provide a blueprint for future surveys?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Are the newly identified substructures, GR-1 and GR-2, in the nearby stellar halo accretion debris of dwarf galaxies?
Does the morphology and evolution of galactic stellar populations at high and low latitudes provide insight into their origin and the factors that drive their evolution?
Can we use a polynomial photometric calibration method to derive precise distances to millions of stars and provide a consistent set of parameters for metallicity and velocity anisotropy in the Galactic disk?
What are the different heating mechanisms and dynamical evolution scenarios for red giant stars in the solar neighbourhood that can explain the observed kinematics and chemical characteristics?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
What is the origin of the different kinematic properties of the outer halo and dwarf spheroidal galaxies (dSph), and how do they relate to the $z=0$ "mass-metallicity" relation, $z=0$ "chemical-metallicity" relation, and the "dwarf-?
What is the total population of globular clusters in NGC 5128 and how accurate is the identification of these clusters using data from Gaia, PISCeS, and NOAO archives?
Can the Milky Way halo be characterized by a specific gravitational potential and its effects on the kinematics of its associated dwarf spheroidals, leading to a unified model for Alpha, Delphinaris, and Tucanae DSWs?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
What is the nature of the X-ray flares observed in the first few years of the XMM-Newton mission, and how do they compare to expected phenomena such as sub-keV blackbody emission and spectral fits?
Can a method based on broad-band photometry be used to infer the shape of the velocity distribution function for a sample of $\sim 1$ million Milky Way halo stars, and can this distribution function be used to build a map of the halo's pressure profile?
Can the new deep near-IR images and photometry from the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) allow for the charting of previously unexplored regions in order to complete the census of Milky Way globular clusters and estimate their physical parameters, including metallicity and age?
Can the Gaia satellite's high-precision astrometry be used to detect structures in the solar neighborhood and identify candidate galaxies associated with specific chemical abundances?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Is the outer part of the Milky Way's disc in a state of significant disequilibrium and can this be detected using only distance and proper motion data from Gaia's Early Data Release 3?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
Can the new algorithm called STREAMFINDER detect even ultra-faint moving groups of stars in astrometric surveys such as the OGLE Long Baseline Campaign and the third data release of the Gaia astrometric catalogue?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsided perturbation in the Milky Way's disc known as the Snail, and can it be used to constrain the Milky Way's gravitational potential and determine whether it is a ''just-right'' disk or a ''too-tight'' one?
What is the relationship between the properties of stars in globular clusters and the properties of the underlying stellar populations?
Can the proper motion measurements derived from Gaia data be used to determine the location of star-forming regions and protostellar clusters in the Galactic disk?
Do the chemical inhomogeneities observed in the Milky Way's younger stars correlate with the location of spiral arms, indicating that the spiral arms are the origin of these chemical features?
How does the contraction of the dark matter halo in the Milky Way's small galaxies affect the need for large dark matter halos to explain observations?
What is the origin and properties of the phase-space perturbations in the Galactic potential and how do they affect the distribution function of stars in the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage dwarf galaxy be explained by a merging scenario and be used to constrain the mass distribution of the Milky Way and the dark matter halo of the galaxy?
Can the proper motion of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galactic mass distribution?
What is the formation scenario of Westerlund 2 (Wd2) and can it be explained by either a single burst of star formation or two distinct episodes of star formation?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a transient or a persistent feature, and how can its dynamics be understood using simulations of the galaxy in both the dark matter and baryonic potentials?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle pattern in the GD-1 stream and can it be attributed to a perturbation rather than a progenitor?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in a population of objects similar to the Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage trio that combines information from Gaia DR3 astrometry, SDSS spectroscopy, and H{\scriptstyle II} regions?
Can a three-dimensional map of the hydrogen density distribution be constructed using X-ray spectral fits and accurate parallax and distance measurements, which could reveal information about the chemical evolution of stellar populations in different environments?
Can the VVV survey data be used to estimate distance and distinguish between types of variable stars present in the Galactic bulge, particularly given the prevalence of variables with oscillation periods longer than 10 minutes?
Could the recent passage of the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) deliver the needed metallicity and alpha-enhancement to explain the observed chemical abundance patterns in the inner halo, and could this explanation be extended to other ancient globular clusters?
What is the cause of the "dingy" or "dirt-like" appearance of globular clusters NGC 2419 and M13, and how does it relate to the presence of large populations of neutron stars and black holes?
Can Gaia data alone be used to establish a chronology of the Galaxy's disk and stellar populations, and can the identified coherent structures in the data be interpreted as signature of different disk kinematic components?
Is the Galactic halo composed mainly of first-generation stars, and can their distinct chemical and kinematic properties be used to separate in-situ and freshly-ejected populations?
Does the morphology of the low-density halo in the Solar neighborhood depend on the selection function used to define a sample of halo stars, and can it be characterized by the proportion of low-mass or "lost" stars?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct populations of ancient stars, one that is similar to the thick disk and one that is comparable in metallicity to the thin disk?
What is the origin of $r$ and $z$ symmetric overdensity in the Milky Way and could it be a signature left by a massive satellite galaxy that collided with the Milky Way and fragmented its disc?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo globular cluster stars be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galactic mass distribution?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a clear imprint on the properties of phase-space distributions in the literature sample of $\textit{Gaia}$ Early Data Release 3?
Does the structure of the Galactic gravitational potential leave a clear imprint on the properties of phase-mixed debris streams, specifically for the Helmi streams in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
How do stellar interactions among cluster members affect mass loss after gas expulsion in massive and loosely bound stellar clusters?
Is the observed asymmetric velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood a result of a non-isolated velocity distribution function or a perturbation from a symmetric distribution caused by an external influence, such as a gravitational potential from a large galaxy or a strong tidal force from a massive sub-halo?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Do the properties of parent and child stars in a stellar birth event in the Milky Way galaxy correlate spatially and chemically, and can they be used to map the kinematics and chemical properties of the disk?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is their relationship to the orbits they follow and the potential of the galaxy?
What mechanisms were involved in the formation of very metal-poor stars with disk kinematics and most tightly bound halo stars, and do these stars provide insights into the early stages of Milky Way and dwarf galaxy formation?
Does the metallicity distribution of the Galactic open clusters show a correlation with their age, and can it be used to establish an empirical age scale for the Galaxy?
What are the possible progenitors, their stellar mass, and supernovae explosion energy of five CEMP-no stars, and are they related to any known open clusters or supernova event?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a systematic error in local shearing velocity measurements and can it be accounted for in Gaia EDR3?
Do the chemical compositions, ages, kinematics, and orbital eccentricities of different types of stars in the Milky Way provide insights into the formation and evolution of the galaxy's structure?
Can the use of Gaia Data Release 2 with the revised Sigma/Ramaoff profile function improve the spectro-photometric distance estimates for millions of stars and provide a valuable test-bed for distance-estimation techniques?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data help constrain the dynamical matter density model of the Milky Way and reveal new information about its structure, including the presence of a central compact region and mildly overdense substructures at the solar distance?
Can the new space telescope Gaia detect the kinematic signature of a tidal stream generated by NGC 288 and provide evidence for the Milky Way's local dark matter density?
What is the total mass of the Milky Way that can be kinematically constrained using Gaia DR2 astrometry and how does it vary based on different mass models for the Milky Way and individual components?
Do the newly identified classical Cepheids in Galactic open clusters, including Be 51 and Be 55, provide valuable information for calibrating the period-luminosity relation and improving the distance ladder?
Can Gaia DR3 data detect the kinematic signature of a dwarf galaxy merger in the solar neighbourhood, and be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way and the halo mass function?
What is the age and evolutionary status of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362, and how does the addition of post-disruption stars affect the estimates of its metallicity and distance?
Are the two main stellar populations of 47 Tucanae (1) coeval, (2) of similar binarity, and (3) formed in an environment with moderate to high metallicity?
Does Gaia EDR3 provide better metallicities, distances, and astrometrical solutions for Trumpler 23 than Gaia DR2, and can the metallicity gradient at large Galactocentric radii be confirmed as well?
Is the Galactic halo entirely built from accreted dwarfs and heating of the disk, and can these systems be identified through the H3 Spectroscopic Survey combined with Gaia?
Is the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic bulge caused by different distributions of $\alpha$-abundances for metal-rich and metal-poor components?
Can Gaia EDR3 data reliably identify open clusters and distinguish them from other types of compact objects?
How sensitive are the Gaia DR2 parallax measurements to distance errors and how can possible systematics sources be identified and accounted for in parallax calculations?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Can a self-consistent dynamical model based on gravitational potential obtained from fitting Gaia data be used to accurately determine the kinematics and densities of sub-structures in the outermost disc of the Milky Way, and can this model's predictions for the density structure of the Milky Way be compared to alternative approaches?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the proper motion, distance, kinematics, and spectroscopy of its stars?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations and a combination of chemical and dynamical indicators to identify and quantify merging events and track the build-up of a central black hole in the upper halo?
Can the new Gaia DR3 release be used to determine the complete and accurate astrometrical solutions for open clusters, including proper motions, distances, and metallicities, which can then be used for comparative studies on sample open clusters with different technologies?
What is the origin of the \emph{Vela} HII region and its relationship to the \emph{Palomar 2} overdensity in the Galactic bulge?
What is the origin of hypervelocity stars with speeds about 100 km/s above background and how do they relate to the Milky Way halo and stellar black holes?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Chabrier spiral reflect the star formation history of the Milky Way?
Is the bimodal Gaussian distribution of metallicities in high-resolution spectroscopic surveys of the Milky Way halo a consequence of the selection function of the surveys or a signature of the distribution of "thin" and "fat" discs in the galaxy, as well as a way to constrain the formation of the thick disc and the timing of the formation of the thin?
What are the astrophysical parameters, age, distance, and mass of the newly discovered open cluster Naud de Vigo (NdV) and how does the analysis of chemical abundances provided by Gaia DR3 provide relevant information to constrain the age and mass estimates of the cluster?
Are the observed breathing motions in the Milky Way galaxy a result of resonances with a population of undetected low-mass satellite galaxies rather than being a signature of an old and dense progenitor galaxy?
How do the metallicity and velocity anisotropy of OBA-type stars at various distances from the Galactic center differ from what was predicted by theoretical stellar models, and what does this tell us about the properties of the Milky Way's disc and halo?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way stellar overdensity \textit{NGC 3603} and how likely is it that \textit{NGC 3603} is a transient accretion event that will be subsumed into the disk eventually?
Can the Milky Way halo be examined in detail to identify and measure distances to as many as $10^{3}$ stars km above the Galactic plane, and can this information be used to construct a thorough map of the $z$ dependence of the (lack of) thin disk and build a library of $z$ dependence functions for other datasets?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and study the Galactic halo population, including ultra-faint and distant objects, and provide a homogeneous and precise catalog of the whole population, and can the mission's science potential in the field of astrophysics be assessed based on this capability?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify candidate stars associated with hypervelocity stars and distinguish between potential HVS candidates and foreground stars?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galactic mass distribution?
What is the cause of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf spheroidal galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a clear imprint on the properties of phase-space distributions in the outer disk, specifically the parameter $\beta$ in Galactic longitude-velocity space, and can these distributions be accurately determined using a family of parametrized distribution functions?
Could the recent passage of the Galactic bar cause noticeable perturbations in the vertical velocity distribution of stars in the disk, and can Gaia data be used to detect such a signature?
Is the outer part of the Milky Way's disc in a state of significant disequilibrium and can this be detected using only distance and proper motion data from Gaia's Early Data Release 3?
How does the contraction of dark matter distribution induced by the presence of baryons affect the inferred halo mass and concentration of the Milky Way, and can we determine the total dark matter mass within 1% accuracy?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures that dominate the velocity field of the Milky Way halo at different distances from the Galactic center, and how do they provide insights into the formation and evolution of the halo?
What is the relationship between the chemical and dynamical properties of stars in the Milky Way and the strength of the spiral density wave, and can a neural network be used to accurately infer the chemical properties of stars based on their position in the galaxy?
Can the Gaia-Enceladus/Gaia-Sausage merger, which is marked by the radial and counter-rotating debris, be explained by the gradual erosion of a centrally-fed perturbation by the expansion of the Galactic disk?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new version of the Astrometry Pipeline provide accurate proper motions for millions of objects, including trigonomagnetic stars, and allow for the construction of solar-system-scale velocity maps?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Galactic mass distribution?
What are the possible progenitors, their stellar mass, and supernovae explosion energy of five CEMP-no stars, and what is the relationship between their metallicity and sodium abundance?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3-D velocity distribution of stars in the solar neighbourhood, and how can they be explained by different dynamical models?
Can the behavior of uncertainties in Gaia EDR3 parallaxes be characterized and a procedure for the calculation of distances to stars and stellar clusters be provided?
What is the mass of the Milky Way within a distance of 12 kpc from the Galactic center, and how can it be accurately determined using the systemic proper motions of old open clusters?
Are the possible extended star clusters in the Galactic bulge actually part of a coherent dynamical history, and are they closely linked to the past merger event?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to determine the stellar parameters, distances, and metallicities of millions of targets, providing a unique and competitive platform for multi-object spectroscopic surveys while serving as a prototype for future observations?
What is the most reliable method for determining stellar ages in the open clusters and how do the results from different methods compare?
What is the age and origin of the metal-rich tail of the Galactic open clusters, and how are they related to the thin-disk, thick-disk, and halo populations?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be used to obtain orbits for open clusters and potential accreted stars, and can the proper motions acquired in the field be validated and used to determine the mass of the Milky Way?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
What are the astrophysical parameters, age, distance, and mass of the poorly studied open cluster King 13, and is it a dynamically relaxed cluster?
What are the origin and evolutionary mechanisms of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and what are their possible formation scenarios?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to dynamical processes that are not yet understood?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensity of stars in the Orphan Stream?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and can they be explained by any known nuclear reaction?
What is the nature of the X-ray spectra and variability mechanisms of the newly discovered X-ray source in the globular cluster NGC 6652, and what is its connection to the unexplored soft X-ray domain?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is there evidence of a centrally concentrated or diffuse population of stars in the Galactic centre, and can the kinematics of the disc stars provided by Gaia DR2 be used to distinguish between these scenarios?
Are the large and small hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way's halo the result of a single mega-strike approximately 2.7 Ga ago, and can their orbital parameters and chemical abundances provide information on the baryonic mass of the Milky Way?
Can the VVV survey data be transformed onto the 2MASS system for cross-matching with Gaia DR2 to obtain orbits for "lost" stars, and can the lost star catalog be used to estimate the external perturbations affecting the VVV survey data?
What is the origin of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct orbital properties and chemical characteristics from the rest of the Milky Way's dwarf population, and do they indicate an accreted origin or a separate origin in a dwarf dwarf galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify and measure distances of over 300 million objects, including an updated catalog of 1,000 open clusters, a star catalogue with improvements to individual stars' parameters, and a three-dimensional potential map of the Milky Way?
How do stellar interactions among cluster members affect mass loss after gas expulsion in massive and loosely bound stellar clusters?
What are the possible origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with high metallicity and alpha-enhancement characteristics previously claimed to be transitional objects between high-mass stars and low-mass ones?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Do the kinematic properties of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies correlate with their mass, and can they provide constraints on the formation of galaxies and the efficiency of satellite accretion?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia pipelines to determine their quality and limitations?
Can a novel approach to reconstructing stellar populations using Gaia DR2 photometry accurately estimate the age, mass, and distance of a young open cluster?
What is the cause of the large differences in metallicity between chemically distinct clusters with similar ages and how do selection effects and inaccuracies in chemical abundance measurements impact the metallicity distribution function and offer a way to identify the most metal-rich clusters?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201 in the southern halo, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters in the presence of a bar and how do they differ from Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage and Enceladus models?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream of NGC 288, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can a data-driven approach using artificial neural networks accurately classify open clusters based on their spectroscopic and astrometric properties, and produce a much smaller parameter space space and a clearer understanding of the variables that affect the clusters' radii?
Can Gaia provide a comprehensive catalogue of open clusters and a quantitative measure of their metallicity for stars down to a certain age, which will allow for the study of the chemical enrichment processes occurring in the early history of the Milky Way?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
Is the Galactic warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects all ages and populations of stars, and can it be used to determine the mass of the Milky Way and constrain the dark matter halo on various kinematic maps?
Can the dynamics of tidally induced spiral arms in the Milky Way be studied and compared to N-body simulations and observational constraints using a larger range of values for $R_c$ and $L_x$?
Does the Milky Way's bar cause a measurable bias in determining the galaxy's gravitational potential from kinematics alone, and can it be accurately estimated and included in models?
Does the structure and size of globular clusters and dwarf spheroidals in the Milky Way, as well as the ratio of in-situ to accreted stars in them, provide unique and independent constraints on the accuracy of galaxy formation models?
Are the possible extended star clusters in the Galactic halo associated with known overdensities in the star-forming and/or high-velocity tail of the stellar distribution, and do they suggest a common origin for the in-situ and out-of-situ stars?
What is the origin and properties of the unusual kinematic and chemical properties of VVV-CL1, a carbon-rich dwarf with a flat kinematic and lithium abundance three times higher than expected for its metallicity?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify and measure the parameters of ultra-metal poor stars in the Milky Way bulge, and can these stars be used to trace the spiral pattern in the plane of the Milky Way and test dynamical predictions of the density wave theory of the Milky Way?
Are Centaurus I and Delphastron stars dynamically linked to the Galactic center, and are they oscillating at regular intervals?
Does the Hercules stream in the Milky Way consist of stars that were ejected from the globular cluster M86, and can the age of the stream determine the minimum and maximum distances of the stars from M86?
What is the origin of the observed kinematic patterns in the Milky Way's stellar halo and can spectroscopic surveys begin to constrain the assumptions made in simulations of its formation?
Is the Galactic potential a smooth function of distance or does it contain structures, in particular a possible warp, which could explain the observed deviations from a flat base?
Can the dynamics of individual stars be modeled to infer constraints on the stellar and dark matter component of Milky Way planets, and can this technique be used to accurately constrain the mass of the Milky Way, determine the age of the stellar disk, and measure the dark matter density at a variety of distances?
What are the chemical gradients and dynamical effects of the Galactic disk in the direction of the solar motion and can they be accurately inferred using open clusters as tracers?
What are the possible origins of the formation of star clusters in our Galaxy and in Small Magellanic Cloud, and how do the physical properties and chemical evolution of the oldest open clusters in the Milky Way Galaxy relate to the stars that they contain?
Can the behavior of accreted stars in Galactic globular clusters be used to constrain the initial mass function and give a more accurate measure of the mass function at low energies?
What mechanisms are responsible for the ejection of late-B type unbound hyper-runaway stars from the Galactic disk?
What is the mass of the Milky Way galaxy and how can it be constrained using a sample of halo stars and globular clusters?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint satellite galaxies that would have otherwise gone undetected?
What is the age composition and star formation history of the globular cluster system in the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy, and can it be reconciled with the observed ultraclean asymmetry in the progenitor galaxy?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of galactic halo stars that have distinctly metallicity and kinematics profiles, and how do their chemical and dynamical properties provide insights into the history of the Milky Way?
What mechanisms are responsible for the ejection of late-B type unbound hyper-runaway stars from the Galactic disk?
Is there a new population of very metal-poor stars in the halo, formed through a mixture of binary interactions and chemical enrichment?
Can a novel algorithm derive the 3D extinction density of dust in the Milky Way, while maintaining non-negative density and performing inference in regions of uncertainty, and be applied to estimate total extinction and mask out-of-bounds regions?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hypervelocity stars in the galaxy, and measure the systemic proper motion, which can be combined with photometric distance estimates to determine the barycenter of the galaxy?
Does the massive Galactic cluster NGC 288 have a bimodal metallicity distribution function resembling alpha-enrichment and delta-enhancement, which can be explained by a mixture model of $\alpha$- and $\delta$-enhanced populations and dynamic mixing within the massive cluster?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to estimate the total Milky Way mass and determine whether or not it is in equilibrium?
What new insights about the local stellar motions can be gained by using Gaia data to determine the individual velocity components of the Milky Way's gravitational potential and how do these measurements compare to those from other methods?
Is the formation of extra-tidal structure in globular clusters correlated with their orbital properties and does the presence of an extended envelope indicate tidal erosion?
How does a variable speed disc influence the formation and evolution of a thick disc in the Galaxy?
What is the relationship between the properties of host galaxies and the accretion history of their supermassive black holes in galaxy-scale simulations?
Can a machine learning algorithm trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in a significant reduction in the number of unphysical astrometric solutions and a substantial gain in confidence in the retained list of parameters?
Can the use of GOSSS and Gaia data help identify and measure distances of Galactic stellar groups with OB stars, including those formed in relatively low-mass clusters or near-isolation, supporting the hierarchical scenario of star formation?
What is the formation path of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how is it linked to the known merging events that the galaxy has experienced?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known processes for the production of $\alpha$-elements?
Did the merger event between the Galaxy and Enceladus induce a radial perturbation in the disc that caused a burst of star formation in the inner disc and a slight kinematic asymmetry in the outer disc?
What is the total population of globular clusters in NGC 288 and how accurate is the identification of these clusters using data from Gaia, PISCeS, and NOAO Legacy Survey?
What are the origins of the two populations of stars that make up the bulk of the Universe's heavy element content, and how do they relate to the formation of the chemical species found in stars and in the interstellar medium?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the local stellar halo of the Milky Way, including the high energy retrograde component and the low energy anisotropically moving component?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with bulges in dwarf spheroidal galaxies?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mostly explained by binary neutron star mergers?
Can the Gaia satellite detect and provide spectroscopic parameters for the large population of diffuse nebulae surrounding globular clusters, which until now have been poorly studied due to their distance and small size?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and improve the census of the Milky Way?
What is the formation path of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how is it linked to the known merging events that the galaxy has experienced?
Can the VVV survey in the Vela lobes be used to infer the age and mass of the Galactic center, as well as constrain the vertical velocity distribution, ky, and determine whether or not a black hole exists there?
Can the Milky Way halo be probed by studying present-day satellite galaxies and identified as a composite system consisting of two progenitors, with high-velocity stars being a diagnostic tool to differentiate between accreted and in-situ populations?
What is the mass of the Milky Way's halo, and what are the constraints on its mass, from the kinematics of globular clusters determined by Gaia DR2?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor an intermediate mass black hole that experiences very little or no braking due to the surrounding gas density?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what are the possible explanations for the observed kinematics and chemical properties in the thick and thin disk?
What are the possible progenitors, their stellar mass, and supernovae explosion energy of five CEMP-no stars, and how do their chemical abundances and velocity patterns relate to the formation scenario and post-explosion evolution process?
Could the Galactic globular clusters be associated with the tidal debris resulting from the accretion of dwarf galaxies, and can Gaia DR2 data be used to trace this association?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian STREAMFINDER algorithm reveal and characterize a vast undiscovered open clusters catalog, including hundreds of thousands of the smallest and faintest objects, and provide a sub-centimetric precision and comprehensive theoretical modeling of the Galactic background light?
How does the three-dimensional distribution of disc stars in the solar neighborhood affect predictions of the dynamical Thrift-Asplund-Schoenrich population density and resulting density profiles?
Is the observed strong flaring of the Milky Way disk consistent with it being dynamically heated by the repeated passage of the Large Magellanic Cloud?
Can the Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic potential and identify them as resonances, overdensities, kinematic islands, and clumps?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint clusters be reconciled with theoretical predictions for the presence of a small number of dominant orbiting kinematic substructures?
Did the Gaia mission's initial underestimated distance to the Galactic center contribute to the observed trend for radial and vertical velocity distributions in the disk as well as the core?
Does the Gaia DR2 parallax dataset have a bias that needs correcting, and can Bayesian distances and the statistical method proposed in Eriksson et al. (2014) be utilized to determine a scale parameter for the bias and a posterior distribution for the bias temperature?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What new nearby white dwarf systems can be identified and characterized through trigonometric parallax measurements using Gaia Data Release 2?
Can the use of the STREAMFINDER algorithm with the Gaia Data Release 2 and Early Data Release 3 catalogs, along with spectroscopic and photometric information, be used to detect and characterize a large population of stellar streams in the Milky Way, leading to the most complete and accurate catalogue of the stellar streams present in the galaxy?
What is the origin of the "dwarf spheroidals" family of dwarf galaxies and how do they relate to the Milky Way's history?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the formation and evolution of the thin disc as well as the thick and thin disc populations of stellar systems in the Galaxy, including their chemical and dynamical properties, and how do they differ from a traditional hierarchical scenario?
What are the different physical processes that drive the expansion of loose and compact massive star clusters, and how do they depend on initial cluster conditions and star formation efficiency?
How can we accurately select and characterize the Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage kinematic structure in the Galactic halo using kinematics and photometric metallicities, and what is the relationship between kinematic structures and substructures in the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus system?
Could the recent passage of the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) explain the unusual metallicity distributions of certain open clusters, including NGC 2818 and NGC 3628?
What are the kinematics and properties of the Galactic globular clusters NGC 288, NGC 362, NGC 6218, and NGC 6652, and what is the evidence for the presence of anomalous metal-poor stars in these clusters?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations and a combination of chemical and kinematical information to construct a more detailed picture of its assembly processes and understand the origins of its bimodal metallicity distribution function?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV survey enable precise spectrophotometric distance estimates for millions of stars and construct a catalogue of distances with uncertainties?
Is the bimodal shape in the metallicity distribution function of the Milky Way a result of the two distinct populations of globular clusters having a similar metallicity or is there an external perturbation that caused the clusters to experience a recent burst of star formation and/or a change in their environment?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance once the initial shock subside and the data deluge begins provide a detailed and accurate picture of the structure and history of the Milky Way, and lead to a better understanding of the formation and evolution of the galaxy?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high transverse velocity stars in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
Is the linear structure of 25 star-forming regions in a segment of the Sagittarius Arm a substructure within the lower pitch angle Sagittarius Arm, a spur, or an isolated structure?
Can the behavior of the $\beta$-distribution of stellar temperatures be used to constrain the vertical velocity distribution of the stellar disk and determine whether it is uniform or clumpier in hotter areas of the spectrum?
How does the three-dimensional structure of Galactic molecular hydrogen, as revealed by the \textit{Herschel} Space Telescope, affect the accuracy of chemical models in simulating late-type stars and could the overestimated density in some regions of the disc cause a break in the chemical transition in the outer disc?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and distances obtained through spectroscopic and photometric methods, and can it be used to establish a link between the surface temperatures of stars observed by \textit{Gaia} and their stellar parameters?
What is causing the discrepancy between theoretical predictions and observational results regarding the mass distribution of globular clusters in the Milky Way, and what factors are influencing the selection function of globular clusters in surveys?
Can the VVV survey be used to efficiently identify and parametrize open clusters and potential new open clusters in large areas of the sky?
Can the \emph{Gaia} mission be used to identify the Galactic bar's Outer Lindblad Resonance and determine its pattern speed?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in galaxies over time, taking into account delayed equilibrium, and how does it compare to other models?
What is the age and origin of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 5904, and can the heavy element patterns in the stars of the cluster be used to confirm or deny different origin scenarios for the cluster?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-set of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructure effects?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbour an intermediate mass black hole that experiences very little or inefficient accretion?
How accurate are the derived parameters and elemental abundances from SDSS-IV APOGEE-2, GALAH, and Gaia-ESO High Resolution Spectroscopy surveys, and what are the potential sources of uncertainty and systematic errors?
Can the Gaia astrometric and photometric survey be used to estimate the ages and metallicities of the old open clusters, and can the clusters' chemical composition provide information on the early chemical enrichment of the Galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Are the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy's thick disk that are observed to have different metallicity distribution functions formed at comparable times and does their distribution in the Galaxy provide constraints on the accretion history of the Galaxy?
What is the nature of the "mystery" velocity component in the Milky Way's stellar halo, and can it be explained by unknown or incorrectly modeled dwarf spheroidals, globular clusters, or other halo substructures?
What is the age and mechanism behind the lopsidedness seen in the outer regions of the Milky Way's disc, as well as the reasons behind the presence of lopsidedness in the thick and thin discs?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
What is the nature and origin of the low-abundance, kinematically distinct population with a distinct chemistry and dynamics found in the outer halo globular cluster NGC 2419?
Are the chemical and dynamical properties of stars in the Spiral Arms of the Milky Way consistent with the hypothesis that they were disturbed by the interaction with a dwarf galaxy?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 data, and how likely are the low- and high-dispersion components to originate from different origins?
Can the behavior of the brightest 200k OB stars over the past 800 million years in the southern hemisphere disk provide insights into disk kinematics and the influence of the central stellar mass black hole on the environment of star formation?
Do the chemical inhomogeneities observed in the Milky Way's young stars correlate with the location of spiral arms, indicating that the spiral structure is responsible for the chemical selection function applied to the stellar population?
Is there evidence of non-axisymmetry or bar-like structure in the Galactic disc based on the distribution of open clusters?
What is the formation scenario of Westerlund 2 (Wd2) and can it be explained by either the consolidation of a protostar or the ejection of a stellar object from a natal cluster?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the observed kinematic and chemical variations in the outer halo globular cluster NGC 2419, and how do they relate to the observed variations in overdensities, stellar streams, and other halo substructures?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 1261?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Lewis & Kahana (LK) formalism in modeling them?
Can a machine learning model be used to accurately infer missing flux density measurements for stars in the Milky Way galaxy, and can this technique be applied to other radio surveys to obtain a more complete picture of the physical parameters of the galaxy?
How accurate are the derived parameters and elemental abundances from spectral analyses of the open cluster M67, and what are the main systematic uncertainties and potential biases affecting the results?
Are the two distinct classes of high-velocity stars, known as the J and the J-subtypes, created at about the same time in the disk and with comparable ejection times, and do they have similar chemical compositions?
Can the use of new and more reliable distance and proper motion data from the Tycho-Gaia Astrometric Solution (TGAS) catalogue allow for more precise calculation of the Local Standard of Rest (LSR) in the Galactic center and thus improve our understanding of the structure of the halo and the acceleration field in the inner Galaxy?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle pattern in the GD-1 stream, and can it be attributed to a perturbation rather than a progenitor bar?
What is the total gravitational potential model of the Milky Way Galaxy and what is the estimated total mass of the galaxy based on kinematic data from Gaia DR2 and Bayesian mass modeling?
Does the observed metallicity asymmetry in the Milky Way Galaxy support the notion of plane-parallel vertical waves propagating through the disk induced by phase-space wrapping of stars?
What is the origin and properties of the different populations co-existing in the disk of the Milky Way, and how do they relate to the recent accretion of the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Is the outer part of the Galactic disc, known as the thick disc, a result of a time-dependent chemical evolution prescription for the formation of its populations or does it represent a sequence of events where the thick disc was formed at younger ages than previously thought?
Is the FUV-optical plane the most sensitive to helium abundance variations in the horizontal branch of globular clusters?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a highly precise and accurate catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, enabling the study of the properties of the dark matter distribution and helping to constrain models of the galaxy's potential?
Does the abundance and spatial distribution of ultrafaint dwarf satellites around Galactic globular clusters support the hypothesis that they were at one time part of a larger tidal debris field, which may be linked to the tidal disruption event that formed the core of a dwarf galaxy in the Milky Way?
What is the age and origin of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way, and can it be accurately characterized and studied using Gaia data?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a consistent distance indicator?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 1851 coeval, and can their chemical abundances provide information on the earliest events of chemical evolution in the Milky Way?
Can a non-parametric model be constructed to accurately predict the missing radial velocities of stars based on their other physical parameters, and can this model be used to quantitatively constrain the Galaxy's disk and halo kinematics?
What is the age of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and can it be accurately determined using a combination of near-IR and optical data?
Can the \texttt{Gaia} space telescope be used to identify the stellar birthplace of different metallicity populations in the Galactic disk and determine their formation routes?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more complete catalogue of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, compared to ground-based surveys?
What is the age of the thin disk and what are the constraints on the date of the thick disk based on the kinematics of dynamically identified member stars and the comparison with simulation results?
Can the new machine learning algorithm, Via Machinae, effectively identify cold stellar kinematic substructures in data from Gaia, using a model for the Galactic halo that includes both the stellar and substructure populations?
Are the kinematic properties of two outer halo globular clusters, M 75 and NGC 6426, consistent with their metallicities and ages, and can the K-band period-luminosity relation be used to accurately determine their distances?
What is the most up-to-date, carefully verified catalogue of Classical Cepheids, and what unique features does it contain, particularly in terms of their spatial distribution and distribution along the stream?
Can the proper motion measurements derived from Gaia data be used to determine the mean systemic proper motion of distant globular clusters, even without prior spectroscopic measurements?
Does internal perturbations in isolated growing discs cause them to thicken due to heating and radial migration of stars, and does this affect the structural properties of stellar populations?
Can the use of GALAH+Gaia+RAVE+Gaia-DR2 provide a more accurate assessment of the open cluster age function and allow for the derivation of Bayesian parameters and a probabilistic age distribution function?
Did the Kepler-32 planets form beyond the snow line and migrate inward to their current locations in the disk, providing a model for the formation of a gas-rich disk through gravitational instability?
Do the dynamical simulations by Bagan et al. (2015) accurately predict the age and metallic abundance of the progenitor systems of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and provide insight into the properties of the progenitor systems, such as the mass and morphology function of the initial halo, the initial distribution of stars in the Galactic disk, and the?
What is the nature of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 $T_Z-Z_T$ space, and how likely are the root causes for this bimodality to be statistical fluctuation or systematic error?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining them?
Could the observed strong flaring activity of V616 Sgr be explained by the presence of a massive stellar companion that experiences orbital cycles similar to those observed in the H$\mathrm{\thinspace}$lydra stream?
Does the morphology of horizontal branch stars in globular clusters have a correlation with age, and can it be used to establish an evolutionary model for the cluster?
Can a neural network trained on solar spectral lines be used to accurately derive atmospheric parameters and abundances for stars in the open cluster NGC 2818?
Can a novel statistical method based on inferring the gravitational potential from the time-varying phase-space structure of stars in the Milky Way effectively mitigate the numerical noise associated with perturbation theory?
Can the dynamics of a stellar cluster, particularly the age-velocity dispersion relation, be quantified using a statistical model for sampled stars and compared to a deterministic model for a specific star?
Is the co-rotation resonance of the Galactic bar responsible for the origin of super metal-rich stars in the solar neighborhood of the Milky Way Galaxy?
Could the density wave theory of Galaxy formation be applied to explain the extended warp in the thin disk and the spiral pattern in the thick disk, and could it be tested using upcoming Gaia data releases?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
How do energetically unbound stars known as dark matter candidates interact with normal matter and each other in the Milky Way, and what constraints can be placed on their masses and production rates based on observational measurements of their effects on kinematic indicators of their interactions?
What is the nature of the two distinct populations of stars identified in the Gaia DR2 catalogue as having been born in the Helmi streams, and how do they relate to the binary fraction and age distribution in the globular cluster?
Can the dynamics of a massive star undergoing an oscillation in the disk be modeled using the ingredients of chemical evolution and kinematics to determine the star's birth mass and disk origin?
What mechanisms were involved in the formation of the two distinct populations of red giant stars found in the globular cluster M13?
Does the Hercules stream in the Milky Way consist of stars orbiting the Lagrange points of the Galactic bar, as predicted by a made-to-measure dynamical model adapted to the characteristics of the system?
Can the new STREAMFINDER method based on the identification of kinematically distinct substructures in the halo stream of a merger event be used to constrain the accretion history of the Milky Way and identify the progenitor system of a stream in terms of its birth mass, progenitor halo, and virialize date?
Did the Milky Way accrete a satellite galaxy at an early age that merged with the protogalaxy, and did this event trigger the formation of a new generation of stars in the proto-Thor's dipper?
How and when did the thick disk set the stage for the formation of the thin disk and how does this knowledge improve our understanding of the formation of the Milky Way?
Are the large and small hypervelocity stars, which have speeds about ten times and fifty times solar escape velocity respectively, representative of different evolutionary stages of massive stars and could the small HVSs be the most massive and still escape the Milky Way at their birth?
What is the age, metallicity, and abundance trends of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362, and what is the origin of the observed anomalies?
Can the Galactic potential be constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while accounting for dependence on metallicity and binarity?
What is the formation scenario of Westerlund 2 (Wd2) and can it be explained by either a single burst of star formation or a variety of alternative scenarios involving star formation episodes at different times and/or inclusions/evolution?
Can the VVV survey near-infrared photometry be used to better characterize variable stars in the highly crowded globular cluster M10?
What is the relationship between stellar age, chemistry, and kinematics in the solar neighborhood, and can a mathematical model be used to infer parameters such as the metallicity and chemical abundances of individual stars?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and distinguish open clusters from Galactic dwarf spheroidals and dwarf galaxies, and can the proper motion measurements from these objects be used to determine their absolute distance and confirm their nature?
Can the new version of the Besancon Galaxy model improve our understanding of Galaxy evolution by allowing us to investigate the initial mass function and star formation history of the Galaxy and the formation of thick and thin discs?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the total luminosity of the central region of our Galaxy and can it be accurately determined using a new method that considers the effects of foreground stars and galaxies, and can this value be compared with predictions from different dynamical models?
What is the origin of the low-mass population in the Milky Way and are there any mechanisms available to form a sizeable fraction of stars below 0.5 M_\odot?
Is the outer part of the Milky Way's disc in a state of significant disequilibrium and can this be detected using only distance and proper motion data from Gaia?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct parts, an inner and outer halo, and can the kinematics of stars measured from Gaia DR2 data confirm this hypothesis?
Can the Gaia DR3 and Gaia TGAS catalogues be used to accurately determine distance, age, and interstellar reddening for an sample of 25 northern hemisphere stars and, together with [C/N], provide a robust and comprehensive trace of the chemical and dynamical history of the Galactic disk?
What is the total population of globular clusters in NGC 5128 and how accurate is the identification of these clusters using data from Gaia, PISCeS, and NOAO archives?
How does the density distribution of dark matter affect the distribution of stars in the Milky Way and what are the consequences of this interaction for the formation of binary systems in the galaxy?
Can a method based on spectroscopic line-of-sight velocity distribution be used to estimate the total mass of the stellar halo in the Milky Way?
Can the "VISTA Variables in the Via Lactea eXtended (VVVX)" survey identify and provide information on previously undiscovered open clusters and star clusters in the Galactic halo?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Is there a correlation between the period and age of helium-rich mono-exonicated globular cluster stars and the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of stars in the cluster?
Can a new method based on inferring the gravitational potential from the time-varying structure of a phase-space spiral in the Galactic potential accurately extract information and provide a complementary approach to traditional methods of dynamical mass measurements?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
Is the linear structure of 25 star-forming regions in a segment of the SMC's trailing tail a signature of a tidal stream generated by a recent orbit crossing with a large galaxy, and can the regions be used to constrain the mass of the Large Magellanic Cloud and the Galaxy model?
Can the Gaia space mission's unique combination of accuracy, precision, and coverage allow for a thorough study of the structure and evolution of the Milky Way and lead to a better understanding of the galaxy's baryonic and dark matter components?
Can an alternative approach to deriving mass, radius, and distance to the Galactic globular cluster 47 Tucanae by using a finite mixture model and proper selection function accurately estimate the cluster's parameters?
What is the nature of hypervelocity stars and their ejection mechanisms, and can a statistical sample of HVSs from the LAMOST spectroscopic surveys and the future data releases of the Gaia mission provide strong constraints on the ejection mechanisms and mass-loss events of globular clusters?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Is the Galactic halo composed of two distinct parts, an inner and outer halo, and can these structures be identified through the use of chemical and kinematical analyses of open clusters?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Is there evidence of a kinematic correlation between the Galactic warp and overdensities in the radial and vertical velocity distributions of stars in the solar neighbourhood, and can this be used to calculate the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Can the new approach of consistently populating star particles with stars, coupled with a stochastic approach to calculating gravitational potential gradients, accurately compute the space curvature and tidal force of galaxies without the need for spherical symmetry or analytical models of galaxies?
What is the nature and origin of the two distinct populations of stars that make up the core of the stellar halo in the Milky Way, and how do their chemical compositions, kinematics, and age distribution provide insights into the accretion history of the galaxy?
Does the metallicity of RR Lyrae stars have a correlation with their absolute magnitude and can it be used as a reliable metallic-content indicator?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia kinematics and APOGEE elemental abundances accurately distinguish between stars born in situ in the Milky Way and those that have been accreted from satellite systems, and can this be used to determine the masses of parent and accreted systems?
Could the observed strong metallicity gradients in the Galactic thick disk result from a combination of stellar migration and chemical enrichment, and what is the relative contribution of each process?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize merger debris in the solar neighborhood, and can the method be applied to other systems with identified accreted populations?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions with a minimum of free parameters, while simultaneously constraining the parameters of the linear flow and the vertex of the potential?
What is the total gravitational potential model of the Milky Way Galaxy and what is the estimated total mass based on kinematic data from Gaia DR2?
What are the astrophysical parameters, age, distance, and mass of the poorly studied open cluster King 13, and is it a dynamically relaxed cluster?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify candidate partner galaxies for $z\sim$ 1 ellipticals, and can the merger history of the galaxy be reconstructed based on the systemic proper motions of these candidate partner galaxies?
How is the velocity distribution of Open Clumps affected by different methods of calculating its spatial dimensions, and what limitations do each of these methods have in terms of providing a quantitative understanding of the baryonic halo and its substructure?
What is the most up-to-date catalogue of classical Cepheids within 2 kpc from the Sun, containing their parameters, distance estimates, and variation statistics, and can it be used to construct a homogeneous and accurate stellar model of the solar neighborhood?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space of kinematics in the solar neighborhood, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of open clusters correlated, and can Gaia DR3 data be used to study the structure and evolution of the Galactic disk and identify promising sites for future spectroscopic surveys?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 1851 coeval, and can the sum of A(C+N+O) abundances provide information on the formation history of the cluster?
What is the formation scenario of the kinematically distinct kappa-rich and kappa-poor ionic abundances observed in carbon-rich dwarf stars and how do they relate to the observed metallicity-dependent trends in [C/N] and [O/N]?
Does the metallicity of red giant stars at a certain distance from the Galactic center vary as a function of the Galactocentric radius and can it be used to construct a three-dimensional map of the disk?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the velocity distributions of stars observed towards the Galactic center, specifically the "dwarf" stream, and can their masses be estimated using Spitzer infrared periodluminosity relations and astrometric measurements?
What is the origin of the dominant kinematic mode in the Milky Way disk, and can cosmological zoom-in simulations provide insight into the formation of the thin and thick disks and the bimodal hypervelocity star population?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one operational season, including its potential and limitations, be assessed and prognosed based on a simulation of the mission's data flow and a step-by-step analysis of a specific target's science performance?
Is GD-1 a fully disrupted or a remnant of a disrupted grand design object in the Milky Way globular cluster $\alpha$-Cephei?
Did the Kepler-32 planets form beyond the typical disk forming environment and are they similar to the young stellar debris found in halo environments?
What is the total gravitational potential model of the Milky Way Galaxy and what is the estimated total mass of the galaxy based on kinematic data of globular clusters provided by the Gaia DR2 collaboration and the new catalog by Vasiliev, Karachkina, & Vasiliev?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can the dynamics of tidally induced spiral arms in the Milky Way be studied and compared to N-body simulations and observational data to infer the potential and perturbation's onset and azimuthal phase?
What is the total population of globular clusters in NGC 6362 and how accurate is the identification of these clusters using data from Gaia, PISCeS, and VIRAC?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor an intermediate mass black hole that experiences very little or inefficient accretion?
Do isolated neutron stars and black holes exist in our Galaxy in large numbers, and can they be identified using microlensing and astrometric measurements?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the globular cluster system of M62 and how does it relate to the bimodality observed in other large systems such as LAMOST-W1 and GCVS-1?
Can an improved wavelet packet analysis method be used to significantly increase the number of star-forming regions detected in a spectroscopic survey and provide a more comprehensive understanding of the dynamical dynamics and kinematics of the Galactic disc?
Can the new algorithm called STREAMFINDER detect even ultra-faint stream features lying well below previous detection limits in Galactic stellar surveys containing any combination of positional and kinematic information?
Is GD-1 a fully disrupted low-mass globule with internal compression, or does it still retain some structural coherence and is it a progenitor of one of the larger and brighter globules in the Galactic disk, NGC 2452?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can chemical abundances, particularly the [$\alpha$/Fe] ratio, [O/Fe], and [Zn/Fe], be reliable indicators of the dynamical history of different types of stars, and can they distinguish between different types of loss events?
Are the observed kinematic substructures in the halo result from a few accreted dwarfs or a phase-space artifact in a single-mass simulation?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Can the use of chemical abundances and clustering analysis in the elemental space help to construct reliable age models for different types of stars and identify the sources of uncertainties in the age estimates?
What are the accurate distances to Galactic globular clusters and how do they impact the value of the local Hubble constant?
What is the origin of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct kinematic and chemical characteristics from the rest of the Milky Way's disk population, and do they provide insight into the history of the galaxy and the formation of its two disks?
What is the most accurate method for determining the distance to open clusters and how does it compare to other distance estimators?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations to derive a more detailed map of the gravitational potential, revealing small deviations from isotropy and providing a unique opportunity to test different theories of gravity?
Are the low-latitude streams in the Milky Way halo primarily formed from ejection at low Galactocentric distance or do they trace a different accretion history than high-latitude systems?
Could the density structure in the stellar halo of the Milky Way be mapped using gravitational potential models and asteroseismic parameters, which could provide insight into the kinematics of the inner and outer populations of the halo, as well as the kinematics of the central stellar disc?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Does the abundance of s-process neutron-capture elements, specifically the abundance of Np and Sm, as well as the s-factor of 65Mg, provide evidence for the massive star-burst as a source of s-process elements?
What is the nature of the two distinct populations co-existing in the Galactic thick disc that are visible in different tracers, and how do their chemical and kinematic properties vary?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galaxy, as identified through the analysis of astrometric and chemical information contained in the Gaia Early Data Release 3 database?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernovae rather than neutron star mergers?
Are the two bright points of light seen in the image of the Large Magellanic Cloud starburst supernova remnant a result of the detonation of a double-degenerate black hole or a neutron star binary system in an extremely relativistic state of collapse?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What are the different dynamical mechanisms that could explain the extended kinematic maps of Gaia-DR2 data, including the radial and vertical components, in terms of out-of-equilibrium models?
Can the dynamics of a rotating disc of gas in a potential well explain the formation of the spiral structure in the Galaxy as well as the "tangled" pattern of gas along the major axis?
Does the metallicity distribution function of the Milky Way show evidence of heavy-element asymmetry, and can it be quantified using observational data from Gaia, PISCeS, and SDSS?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
What is the origin of $r$-process elements in Gaia-Enceladus and can their high [{Eu}/{Mg}] ratio be explained by $r$-process enrichment through neutron-star mergers?
Can a neural network trained on solar data accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on the astrometric predictions of a given model and the actual astrometric information in the dataset?
Can the Galactic Archaeology Neural Network, GAN, effectively identify fake stars created through photometric falsification in a mock Galaxy?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a tangential acceleration component and torque in the Galactic gravitational field?
Do the motion and chemical composition of two coeval groups of stars, the "young" and "old" populations, provide insights into the formation of the Milky Way's thick disk and the history of chemical enrichment in the Galaxy?
Can the Milky Way galaxy be explored in detail to obtain a complete picture of its morphology, including the study of minor merger products such as NGC 5904, to understand the formation and evolution of its components, and to set constraints on theoretical models of disk formation and dissolution?
Can the new six-dimensional panoramic portrait of the Sagittarius stream, obtained using the STREAMFINDER algorithm and combining Gaia DR2 TGAS and HVS catalogue data, provide insights into the origins and the dynamic history of the Milky Way's iconic stream?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide a homogeneous and quantitative measurement of the chemical abundances in a large number of open clusters, allowing for the study of the chemical and dynamical structure of the Galactic disk, and comparing the results with simulations?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
What is the age distribution and star formation history of the halo white dwarf population and are there possible evidences of a cut-off at the faintest end of the spectrum?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the VVV-Gaia filter catalogue allow for the construction of a homogeneous catalogue of open clusters and the study of their parameters, including metallicity, age, and binarity?
Did the merger event between Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus (GSE) disk galaxies trigger the formation of a luminous nuclear star cluster in Gaia-Enceladus (GE)?
 ### Scope: The paper examines the kinematics and chemical evolution of the GES stellar disk, and the formation of GE-Nuc through the?
How reliable are the chemical abundances determined for stars with and without pulsations using spectral types from the H3 Spectroscopic Survey?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, and can the obtained kinematics and chemical abundances be interpreted as being consistent with its age and metallicity?
Does the Hercules stream in the Milky Way consist of stars orbiting the Lagrange points of the Galactic bar, as predicted by a made-to-measure dynamical model adapted for the Milky Way?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the solar neighborhood a result of the interaction with a dwarf galaxy or a progenitorless mechanism?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic disc and identify spiral arm patterns in the overdensities of the giant population in the outer disc?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a gravitational lensing effect and bend starlight rays passing through the system, causing a red-denormalized tilt in the expected blackbody spectrum?
Does the morphology and kinematics of the Galactic potential leave clear imprints on the distribution of open clusters, and can open clusters be used to constrain the dynamical properties of the Milky Way?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the Bayesian Machine Learning method help to identify and classify previously undiscovered structures, such as the Ultra-faint Structure (UFS) and the Scorpius Stream, and provide a complementary tool to investigate the European Large Magellanic Cloud (EMLC) and the Galactic halo, as well as?
Are the proposed stellar members of Chamaeleon I and II physically connected to each other and distinguishable from foreground and background associations through their proper motions?
Do the chemical compositions, ages, kinematics, and orbital eccentricities of different types of stars in the Milky Way provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy's structure?
Is the motion of the Radcliffe Wave, a kinematically peculiar structure in the Galactic disk, related to the wave-like oscillations observed in the velocity distribution of blue stragglers in massive globular clusters?
What is the origin of the low-mass dark matter candidate DMX and how does it relate to the merger that formed the progenitor galaxy of the HBS?
What is the relationship between the properties of central stars and their surrounding nebulae in compact Galactic planetary nebulae and how does it compare to samples from different metallicity environments?
What is the structure and origin of the different components of the velocity field of the Milky Way disk and how do they relate to each other?
Can the Gaia data be used to discover new potential open clusters and determine the parameters of each object, including metallicity, distance, and age?
Can the use of the Gaia satellite's precise parallaxes and large photometric sample allow for accurate distance estimates for even faintest stars, and can this be used to extend the census of the Galactic center to include stars as far as 50 kpc from the supermassive black hole?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by various perturbation scenarios such as a central massive black hole, a massive white dwarf, or an intermediate mass black hole?
Does Gaia DR3 provide accurate astrometric solutions for QUILLS globular clusters, and can the clusters' physical parameters, such as mass, distance, and age, be properly characterized through comparison of their Gaia DR3 astrometry solutions with other data sources?
Can the use of Gaia DR2 data with PSF-preserving astrometry and proper care in the selection function and comparator stars lead to a accurate determination of the distance distribution of open clusters in the Milky Way?
What is the most up-to-date, carefully verified list of classical Cepheids residing in the Galaxy, including their properties and oscillation frequencies, and can their absolute proper motions be obtained through proper-motion measurements and compared with spectroscopic distances?
Could the Milky Way dwarf spheroidals be tidally shocked by the Milky Way bar, causing them to oscillate and leading to a correlation between their period and various kinemological indicators?
What is the origin of the different kinematic behaviors observed in the outer and inner regions of the Milky Way's disc, and how do they relate to the formation scenarios for the galaxy?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and characterize open clusters and stellar streams, including those formed in the outer Galactic halo, and can the combined catalog of open clusters, stellar streams, and background stars be used to establish a model for the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Does the Hercules stream in the Milky Way consist of stars orbiting the Lagrange points of the Galactic bar or outer spiral arms, as predicted by a made-to-measure dynamical model adapted for the peculiar environment of the stream, or is it a residual of unknown origin?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity metric that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does understanding the origin of these stars improve our understanding of the Milky Way's history and structure?
Can a data-driven neural network model accurately predict the missing radial velocity response of Gaia DR2 stars and generate a catalogue of sorts to probe the Galactic potential and constrain possible parameter space consistent with observed trends in the velocity distribution?
Is the outer edge of the Milky Way's disc flocculent due to the presence of a massive dwarf galaxy or because of its own heating induced instability?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in globular cluster NGC 1261?
Does the observed asymmetry in the number of low-mass stars in the solar neighborhood as well as the trend for high-mass stars pointing to a disrupted disk-formation scenario for the local stellar disk?
What is the nature and origin of the low-eccentricity halo population and how does it relate to the high-eccentricity population dominated by the debris of a major accretion event, as traced by chemical and kinematic properties?
What are the possible origins of the low-mass dwarf stars with distinct chemical compositions and kinematics characteristics previously claimed to be candidate hypervelocity stars?
Can the Galactic potential be constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while accounting for dependencies among parameters and uncertainties in input data?
Are the chemical abundances of stars in the high-energy retrograde halo, a relic of a accretion event that built the halo about 2 Gyr ago, different from those in the low-energy retrograde halo, and can they be identified using a machine learning algorithm?
Can the Gaia FGK Benchmark Stars library provide a homogeneous and reproducible method to evaluate and test methods and analyses for spectroscopic data in the open access Gaia data?
Can the behavior of the dominant spiral mode in a galaxy-scale simulations be characterized and compared to observations, and can the amplitude and wavenumber of the mode be validated as a diagnostic for the phase-space distribution of matter?
Can the Gaia mission provide a detailed and accurate dynamical model of the Milky Way and shed light on the bimodal galaxy population, while also serving as a platform for future comparison with other data sets and Galactic models?
Can the use of a neural network trained on Gaia catalogue contents and calibrated on simulated star particles to quantify the quality of a galaxy assembly procedure, and used in combination with other tools, lead to a clearer understanding of the biases present in different galaxy assembly algorithms and provide a consistent and defensible framework for evaluating assembly algorithms?
Could the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) in the Gaia catalogue be explained by the presence of two populations with different chemical compositions, namely high-$\alpha$/low-metallicity (HAM) and low-$\alpha$/high-metallicity (LAH)?
Can a data-driven probabilistic method using artificial neural networks be used to identify and quantify the stellar content of old, high-quality stellar surveys, and be applied to estimate the total stellar mass and mass function in the Milky Way?
How can the metallicity data of globular clusters be used to constrain the distance to the Galactic center, and is there any indication for a change in the constant of proportionality connecting metallicity and distance in the outermost parts of the disk?
Do Milky Way globular clusters have past associations with the classical dwarf spheroidal galaxies or were they brought in as part of now-disrupted satellite galaxies?
What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way's stellar kinematics, and how can it be used to constrain the galaxy's mass and dark halo properties?
Can the Gaia satellite provide a more accurate and complete catalogue of open clusters in the Milky Way, including their physical parameters and bimodal metallicity distributions, and can this catalogue be used to study the spatial and kinematic distribution of different types of clusters and the chemodynamical structures in the galaxy?
What is the origin of the Hercules stream in nearby stars and is it dominated by resonant perturbations from the Galactic bar or a combination of the Galactic bar and dissipative perturbations from a prior passage through the midplane?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operation contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can we accurately select and characterize the variable star population contained within the open clusters, and what constraints can be placed on the modeling of the asymptotic giant branch and white dwarf nucleosynthesis in stars of different metallicities?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both upper main sequence and giant populations across different ages?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and determine their parameters, including metallicities, ages, and Binarity?
Do massive stars have to be born in dense clusters or can they be found in less dense environments and potentially migrate there?
Can white dwarf stars be used as reliable cosmochronometers to identify and derive an age distribution of the hydrogen-rich hollow core explosion (HC E explosion) events in globular clusters by analyzing their kinematics and chemical makeup?
Can the use of Gaia DR3 and VVVX TGAS data with proper motion measurements and colour information allow for the derivation of stellar ages, including in the presence of post-impact contamination?
Can Gaia DR2 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic potential that affect the velocity distribution of stars in the solar neighborhood, and can the use of the Wavelet Transform technique improve the detection power of these structures?
Does the metallicity of the globular cluster 47 Tucanae vary across different sample subsets and methods, and why is there discrepancy between observed values and predictions from theoretical chemical evolution models?
What is the age, metallicity, and kinematics of the Gaia 1 open cluster, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the earliest phases of star formation and metal enrichment in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the bulge of the Milky Way galaxy, and how does its chemistry, spatial distribution, and kinematics compare with the thin and thick disks?
Are the double red clump stars in Gaia catalogue real or are they the result of a contamination from foreground or background stellar populations?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, identifying it as a confirmed open cluster with a range of kinematic and stellar parameters?
Does the presence of a central massive black hole in the Large Magellanic Cloud contribute to the distribution of hypervelocity stars, resulting in a dipole density distribution on the cloud's minor axis and a tendril of stars orbiting the Cloud with a distribution that suggest a tidal origin?
Can the Gaia FGK Benchmark Stars library provide a homogeneous and reproducible method to assess and calibrate spectral analyses in current and future spectroscopic surveys?
What is the cause of the large overdensity of stars in velocity space with positive velocity and negative height, detected with Gaia DR2, and how likely is it to be spurious or due to a selection effect?
Does the metallicity of the progenitor of the Chamaeleon I dwarf galaxy exceed $10^{10}\,\mathrm{M}_\odot$ and is it a former member of a larger association or high-density environment such as Gaia-Sausage or Orion?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor an intermediate mass black hole that experiences very little or no viscous torque due to its mass?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
What is the formation path of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and how is it linked to known merging events?
What are the properties of the satellite galaxies from which the Milky Way assembled, and how did the Milky Way grow its stellar mass?
Are the kinematic properties of two outer halo globular clusters, M 75 and NGC 6426, consistent with their respective ages and metallicities, and do they provide evidence for the existence of a progenitor dwarf galaxy that was disrupted by the Milky Way?
Did the merger event between the Galaxy and Enceladus inhibit the formation of a spherical halo in the Galaxy by triggering radial migrations, and did the accretion of the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus system further disrupt the halo and cause major remodeling?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and measure distances of over 1.33 billion objects in the Milky Way, including most star formations events and a large sample of open clusters, and provide the most precise and complete catalogue of OB stars to date?
What are the origin and evolutionary mechanisms of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and what can the upcoming Gaia data releases do for the identification and study of CEMP stars?
Does the metallicity dependence of the lithium-to-sodium ratio in carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars correlate with their mass, and can it be used to establish a link between chemical evolution models and observations?
Can Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide a more robust distance scale for open clusters and dwarf galaxies, while addressing their peculiarities and providing a uniform and consistent treatment for objects such as NGC 2419, 47 Tuc, and Gaia-ESO 1?
Can Gaia DR3 data combined with metallicity information from APOGEE-II enable the derivation of chemical abundances in open clusters for the first time and provide insights into the chemical and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
Is the observed different behaviours of the dominant spiral modes in simulations of barred and unbarred galaxies a result of the different heating mechanisms or a signature of the mode-matching problem?
Can Gaia data be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Is the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic bulge caused by different distributions of $\alpha$-abundances for metal-rich and metal-poor components?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize dynamic cold stellar streams in the Milky Way, and can the technique of mass-based filtering be used to select a sample of streams with a low probability of them being a product of random noise?
Is there evidence of rotation in the physical and kinematic properties of NGC 362, NGC 1851, NGC 2808, NGC 362, NGC 4372, NGC 5927, and NGC 6752 rotating globular cluster models constructed by flattening spheroid models?
Can the {\it Gaia} satellite provide a more accurate catalogue of open clusters and allow for the study of their spatial distribution and possible link with the chemical peculiarity and kinematic substructure observed in the outer thin and thick disks?
How does the velocity of stars, specifically the rotation velocity, relate to various kinematic and chemical substructures within the halo, and what is the origin of the observed kinematic and metallicity patterns?
Do the chemical abundances of red giant stars in open clusters provide information on the chemical enrichment by multiple nucleosynthetic sources, specifically neutron star mergers?
What is the origin of a group of very similar looking stars, with metallicities slightly higher than the bulk of the disk, and how do they differ from the surrounding field in terms of their binarity, age, and kinematics?
Can the Gaia mission's five-dimensional datasets be effectively reduced using the CEPheus tool chain to produce a comprehensive catalogue of chemical abundances, parameters, and trends, while considering their uncertainties and limitations?
Does the structure and kinematics of the Galactic disc reveal a secular evolution induced by the perturbation caused by the co-rotation resonance with a dwarf galaxy, which can be identified through the signature left in the morphology and kinematics of the disc?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can the Gaia DR3 and VVVX databases be utilized to identify and study the dynamic properties of the Galactic halo, specifically the H$\mathrm{\scriptsize{II}}$ regions, and provide a complementary perspective on the diffuse ionized gas population in the Galaxy?
What is the mass of the Milky Way and its anisotropy using the kinematics of halo globular clusters determined by Gaia?
What is the relationship between age, metallicity, and velocity components of stars in the Galactic disk and the spiral arms, and how do selection effects and accurate radial velocities help to identify them?
What is the origin of ultra metal-poor stars and what can their orbits tell us about the early formation of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
Does the morphology of horizontal branches in Milky Way globular clusters provide evidence for the dynamical heating of the Galactic disk?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential, and can this model be tested with future surveys and estimated errors?
What is the origin of the different kinematic behaviours displayed by the old and young populations of a single massive globular cluster, and how do they relate to the chemical and kinematical properties of their host galaxy?
Do open clusters show an increasing trend in neutron-capture element abundances from low-mass stars to high-mass stars, and are they the result of chemical enrichment by successive generations of stars?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in galaxies, taking into account delayed enrichment from stellar winds, supernovae type II and type Ib/c, metallicity dependence, and α/Fe as a function of metallicity?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the formation of planetary systems in the Milky Way and the development of its inner and outer discs?
Can the Gaia satellite be used to identify and measure the properties of fossil stellar populations in the Milky Way, including those formed prior to the advent of metal-rich stars?
Can the Galactic Potential, a parametric model for the density distribution of the disk, be used to accurately estimate the unknown scale radius of the Milky Way and constrain the value of the universal constant $G$?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in galaxies over time, considering different representations of the problem (easily modelled mathematically) and constraints (from experiments and observations)?
 ### Introduction: Chemical evolution models (CEMs) are mathematical tools that attempt to quantify chemical processes occurring within galaxies and compare predicted outcomes with experimental and observational constraints. C?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the validity and limitations of the Jeans and Koopman approaches for determining these properties?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while simultaneously considering spatial dependencies through a prior on the induced velocity field?
Do the chemical and kinematic properties of the oldest stars in the Milky Way's halo differ from those of more recent stars and can they provide insights into the formation of the halo and the star formation history of the galaxy?
Is the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Milky Way halo a signature of two distinct formation scenarios or a quantitative measure of the fraction of stars that were accreted from mergers?
What is the nature of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in the Gaia DR2 [$\alpha$/Fe] MFIs, and how likely is it for a stochastic process?
Is the observed kinematic substructure in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy a generic feature of tidal debris from older mergers, and can the properties of the stellar halo be used to map the sensitivity of the system to tidal forces and detect distant tidal streams?
Is there a common pattern of mass loss by tidal disruption in globular clusters associated with disk giant stars?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of RR Lyrae stars consistent with the hypothesis that they are debris from the merger of a large galaxy with the Milky Way?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Is there a strong correlation between stellar galactocentric velocity and planet occurrence in the Solar neighborhood?
Can Gaia EDR3 data detect an abundance of bar-related to inhomogeneities in the thin disc, and provide a blueprint for upcoming spectroscopic surveys?
Does the presence and quantity of dust in the Milky Way affect the morphology of its halo, specifically in terms of the convergence zone and the origin of high-velocity stars?
What is the mass of the Milky Way's dark matter halo, and what are its kinematic properties, based on the kinematics of satellite galaxies and globular clusters?
Can a non-equilibrium chemical evolution model with spatially-dependent chemical enrichment, flexible gas temperature, and chemical time dependence accurately reproduce observational estimates of abundance ratios in the local stellar halo, and provide insights into the formation of the thick and thin halos of the Milky Way?
What is the cause of the observed asymmetry in the line-of-sight velocity anisotropy profile of the Milky Way’s stellar population, and can it be explained by non-isotropic distributions of the ingredients that constitute the population or by random perturbations from a symmetric distribution?
Can a neural network be used to accurately infer missing line-of-sight velocities from astrometry in surveys such as Gaia and provide a more comprehensive understanding of the Milky Way's kinematic and chemical properties, even without perfect parallax measurements?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the catalogue of classical Cepheids in the Milky Way and propose a new system for identifying genuine Cepheids?
What is the nature and origin of the different kinematic structures and stellar streams present in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how do they improve our understanding of the formation and dynamical history of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia provide a detailed and accurate structural model of our Galaxy, including quantifying the dynamics of the spiral arms and identifying previously unnoticed spiral-like structures, and will the upcoming data releases provide a wealth of information on the bimodality of the disk and the star formation history?
Can the Galactic gravitational potential be constrained using a family of parametrized oscillating cone models to fit the kinematics of halo stars determined by Gaia DR2 TGAS?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or other processes such as gas engulfment?
Is the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic bulge caused by different distributions of $\alpha$-abundances for metal-rich and metal-poor components?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way?
What is the nature of the different types of kinematic models for the Milky Way that have appeared in the literature, and how do they relate to the underlying hierarchical merger scenario?
How does the Milky Way's warp shape and gravitational potential affect the distribution of globular clusters in the galaxy, and what are the observable effects of this interaction in the young and old populations of objects?
What is the most up-to-date and accurate catalogue of Classical Cepheids (Cepheids for short) available in the southern hemisphere, and how does it differ from previous samples?
Do multiple accretion events explain the origins of the upper main sequence stars with high metallicity alpha-enhancement and strange kinematics observed in the Gaia-ESO Survey?
How does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, affect the properties of subsystems in the Galaxy, specifically the Large Magellanic Cloud and the southern part of the main body?
Can the use of Gaia TGAS parallaxes with proper motion information from VIRAC significantly improve distance estimation and allow for reliable spectroscopic metallicity estimation for stars in the Milky Way globular cluster M10?
Does the Milky Way bar cause a bias in the kinematics of stars in the disk when measuring it with astrometry or photometry, and can spectroscopy be used to test whether the bias is real or not?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and determine their parameters, including distances, ages, and bimodal distributions of metallicity in some cases?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations to derive a more detailed map of its structure, particularly in the inner halo, and help understand the origin of the thick and thin disks by tracking their formation through the red main sequence?
Are the kinematic properties of two outer halo globular clusters, M 75 and NGC 6256, consistent with their respective ages and metallicities, and can the H$\alpha$ region of the spectrum be used to confirm the one-dimensional age-metallicity relation for globular clusters?
What is the origin of the observed patterns in the 3D velocity distribution of the Milky Way disc and is a major recent perturbation necessary to reproduce the observations?
Can we use the metallicity gradient in the Galactic disc to obtain an accurate estimate of the solar motion with respect to the local thin disk and determine whether any kinematic anomalies are present along the line of sight?
Are the kinematic and chemical properties of open clusters positively correlated, and can the Gaia DR2 open cluster catalogue be used to investigate this correlation and detect previously unknown open clusters?
What are the possible progenitors, their stellar mass, and supernovae explosion energy of five core-disrupted massive stars, and what is the possible link between the star explosion and the disruption of the Milky Way halo substructure?
What is the structure and Galactic kinematics of the outer halo, especially in terms of the identified overdensity known as the Hercules-Aquila Cloud (HAC)?
 ### Thesis: Can the HAC be confirmed as an accreted structure through the identification of systematic motions, specifically its overdensity and associated kinematics, in the Gaia data?
What are the properties and characteristics of variable stars in the metal-rich Galactic globular cluster NGC 6652, and how do they compare to variables in other open clusters, which provide a unique opportunity to test stellar models and compare theoretical predictions with observations?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions be used to constrain the vertical dark matter distribution and the gravitational potential of the galaxy?
What is the relationship between the properties of central stars and their surrounding nebulae in compact elliptical and lenticular galaxies and how does it compare to observations by Gaia?
What are the chemical gradients of elements up to Zr in the Galactic thick disk and are they consistent with dynamical models for the formation of the thick disk?
Can the new algorithm called STREAMFINDER detect even ultra-faint stream structures containing as few as $\sim 10$ stars in astrophysical datasets with any combination of position- and/or velocity-information, and provide a way to quantitatively measure the Galactic potential?
What are the chemical and dynamical characteristics of stars stripped from the Sagittarius dwarf galaxy over time, and can the abundance ratios of C, N, and O provide information on the Galaxy's metallicity and chemical evolution?
Could M55-K*, a massive star-like object with extreme kinematics, be an ejecta remnant from a supernova explosion in a massive dwarf galaxy, and could the discovery of an X-ray excess towards M55-K* support this hypothesis?
Is the observed different behaviour of the dominant spiral modes in simulations of barred and unbarred galaxies a result of a different tendency for the spiral mode to be excited in barred galaxies or a generic property of mode-search algorithms?
How are star formation and feedback in galaxy formation constrained by the observed luminosity and stellar mass function of galaxies, and can redshift surveys and cosmological simulations provide a consistent and predictive understanding of galaxy evolution?
Is SGP-S a previously undiscovered open cluster in the Galactic disk, and does it contain young and intermediate age stars with a range of metallicities?
Could the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic bulge be explained by two different distributions of [O/Fe] for low- and high-birth mass stars, and how does the bimodal [M/H] ratio at a specific age affected the metallicity of the bulge?
Do accretion flows from a dwarf galaxy explain the unusual chemical properties of stars in the globular cluster 47 Tucanae, and could the flow from one such galaxy survive in the Milky Way’s strong field without being disrupted?
Is there a connection between the chemical abundance pattern in the Milky Way halo and the Milky Way globular cluster Overdensity, as well as the possibility of an external perturbation that caused the perturbation in the halo chemical pattern?
What is the mass, distance, and age estimates of the Galactic globular cluster NGC 288 based on the analysis of published catalogues and the derivation of independent mass estimates?
Can the Gaia space telescope be used to identify and quantify member stars in tidal streams and quantify the tidal momentum and potential of the Milky Way's debris field?
What is the cause of the observed asymmetry in the red-giant branch of globular clusters NGC 288 and NGC 2419, and can it be explained by various postulated mechanisms such as stellar mass, binarity, or radial migration?
Can the use of the Gaia-ESO Survey data allow for the derivation of accurate spectroscopic parameters, such as distances, for over 1.3 million objects and the construction of large-scale models of the Milky Way?
Do the kinematic and chemical properties of the oldest and reddest objects in the Milky Way's disk correlate, and are they related to the formation scenarios for the thick disk?
What is the most up-to-date and accurate catalogue of open clusters and how does it compare to previous lists?
What is the origin of the \emph{r}-process elements in the Galactic thin disc population, and can it be mainly attributed to short-lived sources such as magneto-rotationally driven supernova rather than neutron star mergers?
Can Gaia kinematics be used to discover thousands more stars in the Galactic bulge and disk that challenge traditional identifications, and provide a clearer picture of the history and assembly of the Milky Way?
Can the use of chemical abundances and clustering analysis in the elemental abundance space provide a deeper understanding of the formation of different types of stars and the processes occurring in the early stages of stellar evolution?
Can a novel approach of consistently populating star particles with stars, including black holes, astrometrically identified in data-limited surveys be used to construct a catalogue of the cosmic gravitational potential and its uncertainties?
How does radial migration affect the properties of white dwarfs and can it be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way and the ratio of fresh to old white dwarfs in different populations?
Can the VVV survey be used to efficiently identify and parametrize variable sources in Galactic globular clusters and improve our understanding of their physical parameters, such as distance, extinction, and metallicity?
Does atomic diffusion during the main-sequence phase cause variations in the surface chemical composition of member stars in the old open cluster M67?
Could the density perturbations observed in the GD-1 stream be caused by the passage of a massive black hole in a dwarf galaxy, and what is the mass and distance estimate of the progenitor galaxy?
Could the observed kinematic substructures in the halo of the Milky Way be explained by the tidal disruption of a dwarf galaxy, and what constraints can be placed on the mass of the disrupted galaxy?
Can the use of high-precision astrometry and machine learning methods reveal a need to update the distribution models of stellar populations in Galactic globular clusters and provide a quantitative estimate of the young generation fraction in these objects?
Are the two distinct populations of high velocity stars in the Galaxy's thick disk that are observed to have different metallicity distribution functions formed at comparable times and does their distribution in the Galaxy provide tighter constraint on the IMF?
Does the Gaia DR2 parallax dataset have a bias that needs to be corrected, and can Bayesian distances and the statistical method proposed in this paper be used to validate and test potential parallax biases in the dataset?
Can the Milky Way halo be described by a family of parametrized distribution functions that include Gaia data on a sample of stars measured with the absolute G apparent magnitude and [Fe/H]?
Can the VVV survey data be transformed onto the 2MASS system to enable the construction of longer baseline spectral energy distributions for astronomical targets, and can this transformation be used to establish a catalogue of proper motions with improved precisions?
Could the N-rich red giant stars identified in the APOGEE survey have origins in the outer disk, and are they associated with chemical peculiarities such as positive [$\alpha$/Fe] and negative [Mg/Fe] gradients?
What mechanism(s) cause the low amplitude photometric variability in the new class of variable stars, called millimagnitude?
Does the presence of the Large Magellanic Cloud (LMC) in the past few billion years in the Milky Way contribute to the local steady-state radial metallicity and inhibit the formation of a red horizontal branch, and can this be detected using future Gaia data releases?
What is the total luminosity function of open clusters and how reliable are the luminosity functions provided in the literature?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide accurate spectroscopic distances for 1.16 million objects and perform a systematic study of the physical parameters, age-metal-dependence, and alpha-enhancements of the Milky Way globular clusters?
Can Gaia kinematics be used to discover new stellar systems and members of existing ones in the Milky Way, and provide unique information on the kinematics of the inner disc, such as the pattern speed and spiral structure, and confirm the accuracy of the models used to derive the kinematics measurements?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in galaxies, taking into account delayed enrichment from stellar winds, supernovae type II and type Ia, metallicity dependence, and recycling?
What are the origin and evolutionary mechanisms of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and what are their relation with the most metal-rich known globular cluster NGC 1447?
Can the Gaia DR2 be used to identify and measure distances of open clusters and star clusters as well as identify candidate backward-in-time and tidal candidates?
What is the age and metallicity difference between the Galactic globular cluster NGC 6362 and its suspected tidal target, and how do they provide conclusive evidence for the universal applicability of the $\alpha$-enhancement mechanism in Galactic globular clusters?
What is the nature and origin of the two sequences observed in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram of high-velocity stars in the Milky Way?
What are the properties and structures of cosmic threads in the Galaxy, and how can they be used to constrain models of the Galaxy's web and vertex?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a distinct imprint on the properties of accreted stars and can it serve as a probe of the accuracy of different numerical simulations?
Can the use of Gaia data with proper motion measurements provide a more comprehensive catalogue of star-forming regions in the Milky Way and help identify candidate Galactic chemical evolution models?
What is the structure of the outer part of the Milky Way's disc, particularly the warp, and can it be characterized by the motion of specific stellar populations identified through their chemical or kinematic properties?
Can the new Galaxy Model allow for the reconstruction of the structure and history of the Milky Way using data from multiple surveys and a self-consistent global model for its gravitational potential and density profiles?
Does the observed asymmetry in the distribution of radial velocity stars in the Milky Way support the alternative theory that the disk is undergoing a "left-right" perturbation rather than a "top-bottom" disruption?
Can Gaia kinematics be used to discover new star clusters and potential ultra-faint dwarf galaxies that were previously missed by other sky surveys?
Can Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate a cluster member from a foreground foreground, and constrain the distance, age, and star formation history of the galaxy?
Do the chemical compositions, ages, kinematics, and orbital eccentricities of different types of stars in the Milky Way provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy's structure?
Can the behavior of accreted populations in dwarf galaxies after mass-induced effects subside provide a unique and stringent test of the theories of strong field gravity?
Was the formation of the bulge in the Milky Way internally driven by disk instabilities or were mergers a significant factor in its creation?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a long-lived or transient feature, and can its vertical motions provide insight into the formation and evolution of the galaxy, as well as the effects of satellite passage and vertical resonance?
Can the Gaia-ESO survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, and can this be used to determine the structure and dynamical properties of the Milky Way?
Could the observed metallicity and horizontal velocity structures in the Galactic thin disk be explained by a model in which the thick and thin disk formed from a common progenitor through episodic gas accretion, but experienced different environmental conditions due to a secular evolution in the heating rate, and the thick disk has a longer effective history and is thinner due to a stronger radial migration?
What is the origin of the Hercules stream in nearby stars and is it dominated by resonant perturbations from the Galactic bar or by non-resonant effects such as Spiral arms and/or orbital angular momentum?
Can the Gaia DR3 astrometry be trusted to determine the proper motions of stars in the Milky Way and identify the sources of small bias fractions in the catalogue?
Could the N-rich red giant stars identified in the H3 Survey have different nucleosynthetic histories and be indicators of different stellar evolutionary stages, and do they have implications for the chemical enrichments in the Galaxy and Galaxy assembly?
Can the Gaia DR3 dataset be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201 in order to obtain a better understanding of the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
What is the most up-to-date catalogue of open clusters and how does it compare to previous lists?
What is the origin and properties of the low-metallicity population in the Milky Way bulge, and can it be explained by various accretion scenarios?
Can the proper motion measurements derived from Gaia data be used to determine the shape of the Milky Way's dark matter halo?
Does the observed misalignment between the debris track and the streaming velocity in the Orphan Stream indicate an interaction with a massive perturber?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries reliably identify Milky Way globular clusters in other datasets?
Can a machine learning model reliably identify open clusters and stellar streams in data from the Gaia telescope?
Does the presence of binary companions play a role in the dynamical evolution of loosely bound clusters and cloud members in the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the kinematic spiral structure in the disc of the Galaxy and its individual components, and how does it relate to the previously reported stellar kinematics measurements and models?
How do the kinematic properties of open clusters change as a function of metallicities and alpha-enhancements, and how do they compare to predictions from Galactic evolution models?
What are the astrophysical parameters, age, distance, and mass of the poorly studied open cluster King 13, and is it a dynamically relaxed cluster?
Can chemical abundances be used to identify coeval groups of stars and trace the temporal and spatial distributions of the factors that have been claimed to influence the formation of the different types of clusters?
Can combining the information from solar-like oscillations, high-resolution spectroscopy, and Gaia astrometry help in deriving accurate stellar ages, chemical abundances, and kinematics, and characterizing metal-poor Red Giants in a multidimensional chrono-chemo-dynamical space?
Are the proposed stellar members of Chamaeleon I and II physically connected to each other and distinguishable from foreground and background associations through their proper motions?
What is the origin of the low-mass dark matter halo in the Milky Way, and can it be formed from a standard seed mass dwarf galaxy or inner halo accretion rather than haloes descending from a high-mass precursor?
Can the VLT/GIRAFFE survey be used to map the upper atmospheric structures of the Milky Way and compare the results with simulated galaxies?
Could the density perturbations observed in the GD-1 stream be caused by an abundance of dark substructures, and what is the total abundance and mass fraction of these subhalos?
Does Gaia EDR3 provide accurate astrometric solutions for QSO-like extragalactic sources, and can the proper motions of these sources be used to reveal a systematic pattern which confirms the scale-length of the Universe and provides a precise constraint on the distance to the Galactic center?
Are all Galactic globular clusters single-population objects with respect to their chemical composition?
How does radial migration affect the Galactic disk and what are the different mechanisms behind this process for young and old open clusters?
Does the presence of multiple spiral arms in the Milky Way have a primordial origin and are they associated with particular star formation episodes?
How does radial migration affect the chemical evolution of a galaxy and what are the different mechanisms behind the observed metallicity gradients in simulation studies?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream produced by N47-1, which will be useful for modeling the Milky Way's gravitational potential and constrain the distance to the Galactic center?
Can the Galactic abundance map, derived from Gaia DR2 data, be used to perform precise elemental abundance determinations for open clusters and provide insights into the dynamical effects of the Milky Way on the oldest and most fragile components of the galaxy?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and determine their physical parameters, including distances, ages, metallicities, and kinematics?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and could it be a signature of the Milky Way bar or a resonance with a known secular perturbation?
What are the kinematical properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the reliability and limitations of the Gaia catalogue in determining these properties?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a clear imprint on the properties of open clusters and can the latter be used to constrain the former?
Can the new version of the Besancon Galaxy model improve our understanding of Galaxy evolution by allowing us to quantitatively follow the build-up of different chemical species in the disk, and compare it to other models?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between their planar and vertical directions?
What is the origin of the bimodal metallicity distribution function observed in the Gaia DR2 dataset, and how does the chemical and kinematic properties of the stars in each metallicity bin provide insights into the formation scenarios for these bimodals?
Can the use of Gaia data with proper motion measurements provide a more accurate estimate of the solar system's potential than using kinematics alone?
Do young stars reflect the formation of the local spiral arm by being associated with a density wave?
Do open clusters show an increasing trend in neutron-capture abundance of s-process elements (Zr, Ba, La) as a function of decreasing cluster age?
What is the nature and origin of the double population (D$_1$ and D$_2$) of $\alpha$-abundances in the Milky Way?
What caused the phase spiral in the zV_z phase space of the Galaxy's disc components and how did the spiral structure evolve in the presence of the Milky Way bar?
Does the Gaia DR2 parallax dataset have a bias that needs to be corrected, and can Bayesian distances and the H$\mathrm{\thinspace}$-function utility provide an alternative and more robust solution?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23, isolate hyper-runaway star candidates in the heart of the globular cluster, and constrain the dynamical mass of the cluster?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in the globular cluster NGC 1261?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
Can the use of chemical abundances and clustering analysis in the elemental abundance space provide a clearer understanding of the formation of the thick and thin disk of the Milky Way and the blazar emission nebula by looking at the similarities and differences in their abundances?
Does the Gaia satellite have a limited lifetime due to its fuel reserves, and can its science performance degradation be predicted and mitigated using a machine learning algorithm?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in open clusters and determine their birthplaces and bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) evidence for metallicity-separated chemical enrichment?
Does the observed differences in metallicity, age, and kinematics between the Galactic globular clusters NGC 288 and NGC 362, which share similarities such as metallicities, bimodal distributions in age, and similar orbits, require an explanation other than their observed chemical compositions or bimodal distributions in kinematics?
What is the total gravitational potential model of the Milky Way Galaxy and what is the estimated total mass of the galaxy, as well as their constraining power, using the Gaia DR2 radial velocity catalog and Bayesian mass estimator?
Do the chemical and kinematical properties of the older (earlier stellar generations) and thicker disc populations at different metallicities differ from the thinner and cloudier (later stellar generations) and thinner disc populations, and do they show any correlation with each other and the chemical enrichment history of the Galaxy?
Did the ultra-faint dwarf galaxies Pegasus III and Pisces II undergo a close passage around each other and a collective passage around the Large Magellanic Cloud in the past?
What is the nature and origin of metal-poor stars in the bulge of the Milky Way that differ from those found in halo environments?
Can the Gaia FGK Benchmark Stars library provide a homogeneous and reproducible method to assess and calibrate spectral analyses in current and future spectroscopic surveys?
What is the relationship between the properties of galaxy groups and the properties of the underlying halo, and can the former be used to constrain the latter?
Can the Milky Way halo be explored by resolved stellar populations to build a more detailed picture of its build-up and understand the origin of substructures, while also establishing a model for the background galaxy and foreground bulge?
What are the metallicity gradients of Galactic thick disk stars within different distances from the Galactic center and how do they provide information on the chemical enrichment processes in the disk and the radial migration of populations with different metallicities?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of stars in velocity space with higher Galactocentric rotation velocity than expected for their physical distance from the Galactic center, and how does it relate to the small overdensity of stars in kinematics space with higher Galactocentric rotation velocity than expected for their physical distance from the Galactic center?
Is the observed asymmetry of the tidal tails in certain star clusters the result of a stochastic process or due to additional dynamical processes beyond statistical evaporation?
What is the relationship between metallicity and Galactocentric distance for Open Clusters, and can chemo-dynamical models accurately reproduce the observed metallicity-versus-Galactocentric distance relations and radial gradients within Open Clusters?
Can Gaia DR2 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201 in the Southern Milky Way?
Does the abundance pattern of NGC 6522 provide hints on the earliest chemical enrichment in the central Galaxy and can it identify first- and second-generation stars?
What is the age distribution and star formation history of the halo white dwarf population and are there possible evidences of a cut-off at the faintest end of the luminosity function?
What caused the phase spiral in the zV_z phase plane of the Galaxy's disc components and could it have been excited by a massive object passing through the plane?
What are the possible evolutionary mechanisms for explaining the observed kinematic behaviors of the old open clusters M67 and NGC 362, and can the [Mg/Fe] ratios obtained for these clusters be used to select the most reliable stars and build a homogeneous catalogue?
What are the kinematics and properties of the recently discovered Milky Way kinematic tail, and can it be explained by previously proposed scenarios for the interaction of the Milky Way with the Gaia Sausage or a dwarf galaxy?
Can the dynamics of individual stars be modeled to infer constraints on the stellar and dark matter component of galaxy halos, and can this method be validated using mock galaxy catalogues constructed from Gaia data?
Is there a possible link between the Milky Way spiral arms, RVphi-ridges, and moving groups in the phase-space of kinematics, and can they be used to constrain the vertical density-profile of the disk and monitor their evolution with distance?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data and updated methods provide unprecedented precision and accuracy in measuring distances and spectral types for Open Clusters, thereby shedding new light on the chemical and dynamical structure of the Galactic disk?
How is the three-dimensional structure of Galactic interstellar dust affecting spectroscopic surveys of the sky, and what are the limitations and potential solutions for determining the chemodynamical parameters of open clusters using Gaia DR2 data?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe metal-poor globular clusters NGC 288 and NGC 6652, and how do they explain the observed kinematics?
What is the mass of the Milky Way galaxy and how can it be accurately determined using the systemic proper motions of satellite galaxies and the scale free mass estimator method?
Can the Galactic abundance gradient model (GAM) approach provide a consistent and flexible way to calculate chemical gradients for synthetic datasets, and can it be used with any semi-analytic galaxy formation model?
Does the metallicity of stars in the Gaia-ESO Survey harmonise with the chemical enrichment history of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the core in the Antlia 2 dwarf galaxy, and can it be explained by aggressive feedback or alternative theories to cold dark matter?
What is the relationship between the properties of central stars and their surrounding nebulae in compact Galactic planetary nebulae and how does it compare to samples from different metallicity environments?
What is the age of the Milky Way and its constituent parts, and how did they assemble, as well as the age and origin of the red giant branch in the halo?
What are the metallicity gradients of Galactic thick disk stars within different distances from the center of the Milky Way and how do they provide information on the chemical enrichment history of the disk?
What orbits are responsible for the phase-space structures observed in the Gaia data, and how do they change the understanding of the dynamics of the Milky Way?
What is the most accurate dynamical model for the Milky Way disc stellar halo, and how does it constrain the model's parameters and cosmological parameters?
Can Gaia provide a more complete, accurate, and precise catalog of hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way, including their properties and ejection mechanisms, allowing for better understanding of the galaxy's potential and Galactic center properties?
Do Milky Way globular clusters have past associations with the classical dwarf spheroidal galaxies or were they brought in as part of now-disrupted satellite galaxies?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while accounting for spatial selection function and uncertainties in position-dependent effects such as natal shocks?
Is the linear structure of 25 star-forming regions in a slab of Galactic disk a generic feature of star formation in our galaxy, and can it be explained by a model in which the regions are associated with spiral arms?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in galaxies over time, taking into account delayed reactions and inhomogeneous star formation, and how do different models compare in their predictions for the present-day gas and condensed phases in galaxies?
What is the origin and properties of the different kinematic structures and overdensities observed in the velocity distribution of stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and how can they be explained by different dynamical models?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what constraints can be placed on the total mass of the galaxy based on the distribution of red giant stars?
Is the outer part of the Milky Way's disc in a state of significant disequilibrium and can this be detected using only distance and proper motion data from Gaia's Data Release 1?
Do the motion and metal abundance of the progenitor systems in the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus (GSE) system suggest a common origin in the proto-Milky Way or are they the result of different processes?
What is the origin of ultra-metal poor star systems and what can studying them tell us about the formation of the Milky Way and galaxy evolution?
Did metal-rich halo stars in the Solar neighborhood form in-situ within the Galactic disk rather than being accreted from satellite systems?
Can the new Gaia DR3 astrometry be used to detect structures in the Galactic potential and identify them as resonances, overdensities, and kinematic substructures?
How does the three-dimensional structure of the disk of the Milky Way affect the kinematics of its populations, and specifically the stellar kinematics measured by Gaia DR2?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the globular cluster sector?
Is there a correlation between the period of variability observed in \textit{Gaia} data and the variables in "the father of all tables", compiled by Schoenrich et al. (2018)?
 ### Background: What is the nature and origin of the variables observed in the \textit{Gaia} Early Data Release 3 table?
How do stellar interactions among cluster members affect mass loss after gas expulsion in massive and loosely bound stellar clusters?
What are the kinematic properties and chemical compositions of the oldest and largest galactic stellar populations, and how do they evolve with cosmic time?
Can Gaia DR3 data be used to detect and identify member stars in the tidal stream generated by NGC 3201, which will be useful for modeling the gravitational potential of the Milky Way?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 1851 coeval, and can the sum of A(C+N) abundances provide information on the formation history of the cluster?
Can the use of GOSSS and Gaia data help identify and measure distances of Galactic stellar groups with OB stars, including those formed in relatively low-mass clusters or near-isolation, supporting the hierarchical scenario of star formation?
Did metal-rich halo stars in the Solar neighborhood form in-situ within the Galactic disk rather than being accreted from satellite systems?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-set of carbon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do ils mechanisms compare to modern day stellar simulations?
Do isolated neutron stars and black holes exist in our Galaxy in vast numbers, and can they be identified using microlensing events and astrometric measurements?
Can we isolate and characterize the different physical components of the Galactic disk population (old thin and thick disks, substructures, and halo) using a Bayesian Markov chain technique and a catalogue of open clusters, and determine their chemodynamical properties?
What are the possible formation pathways for extreme horizontal branch stars in globular cluster NGC 1261?
Do high-velocity stars behave differently in the Milky Way's bar/bulge than low-velocity stars, and can their distributions provide insight into the galaxy's gravitational potential and/or the effects of the bar on the outer parts of the stellar disk?
Is the bimodality in the metallicity distribution function of the Galactic bulge explained by the coexistence of two populations of metal-rich and metal-poor stars with different distributions in the disk and the bulge?
What are the different dynamical mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematics maps of stellar populations in the solar neighbourhood, and how do they relate to outflow, radial migration, and spiral instability?
What is the origin and characteristics of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through analyzing the proper motions, distance estimation, and spectroscopic information of its members?
What is the formation path of the globular cluster system in the Milky Way and in the Large Magellanic Cloud?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how can the observed kinematics of ultra-faint dwarf galaxies and specific globular clusters be used to constrain the mass of the Milky Way?
What is the origin of the kinematic differences observed between metal-rich and metal-poor globular clusters, and how do they relate to the observed differences in chemical composition?
Does NGC 362 have internal iron variation, despite previous spectroscopic observations not detecting it?
Is the co-rotation resonance of the Galactic bar responsible for the low metallicity in the solar neighborhood, and can Gaia DR3 data be used to constrain the properties of the co-rotation resonance and determine whether it is responsible for the metallicity differences observed in the solar neighborhood?
What is the cause of the small overdensity of radial velocity-disrupted stars in the Solar neighbourhood, and what does it say about the distribution of the dark matter halo?
What is the mass profile of the Milky Way within a certain distance range and how accurate are the estimates?
Can the Galactic potential be accurately constrained using a family of parametrized distribution functions based on actions and phase-space information from individual stars, while accounting for spatial selection function and uncertainties in position-velocity observations?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion independent of the Sun's distance and age?
Does the structure and evolution of the Galactic centre involve mergers, including the formation of the warp and H3 region, as well as the lopsidedness and radial metallicity gradients of the disc components?
Can the VVV survey be used to efficiently identify and study open clusters and other small celestial objects, and can the proper selection function designed for this purpose be applied to other telescopes and datasets to forecast objects of interest and optimize observing time?
What is the origin of the Hercules stream in nearby stars and is it dominated by resonant orbits in the Milky Way's bar, as most previous studies suggest, or by outer Lindblad and corotation resonances?
Can we provide a quantitative estimate of the density of globular clusters in the Milky Way based on the number of potential spawning events and the properties of known overdensities?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in galaxies that incorporates asphyxiating dust and chemical destruction by unidentified stars?
Do the observed different behaviours of the dominant spiral modes in simulations of barred and unbarred galaxies provide a way to constrain the nature of Galactic spirals and their relationship with other dynamical and kinematic substructures?
How do the various mechanisms for transporting particles in relativistic stellar disks (radiative diffusion, convective erosion, and adiabatic pumping) at a given mass differ for stars that sit alone in a stellar disk and those that form a binary?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia datasets to determine absolute distances and velocities, and provide a template for the construction of future spectroscopic surveys?
Can the new space telescope Gaia detect the kinematic signatures of a few starless substructures surrounding the Milky Way, predicted by the Cold Dark Matter theory, and provide unprecedented constraints on the primordial matter power spectrum at low-mass scales and offer a new handle onto the phase-space structure of dark matter?
Can the use of the less-affected by galactic foregrounds Gaia EDR3 data with the pipeline as is lead to a less systematic error budget and give improved values for the mean parameters of open clusters?
What are the different origin scenarios for the formation of the \emph{Gaia}-Enceladus system, including the questions of whether it is a debris remnant of a major accretion event or a self-gravitating subcluster in the Milky Way that has survived until present-day due to its high efficiency of star formation?
Can the behavior of the open clusters population in the Galactic disk be explained by the selection function of the Gaia DR2 open cluster catalogue, which is dominated by the over-representation of bright and early-type objects, and by the fact that the open cluster initial mass function is flatter than the Galactic disk continuum mass function?
Does the metallicity and distance of the Galactic globular cluster 47 Tucanae confirm that it is a accreted object?
Can the Gaia FGK Benchmark Stars library provide a homogeneous and reproducible method to assess and calibrate spectral analyses in current and future spectroscopic surveys?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Do the newly identified classical Cepheids in Galactic open clusters, including Be 51 and Be 55, provide valuable information for calibrating the period-luminosity relationship and improving the distance ladder out to cosmological scales?