Do the kinematic and chemical properties of stars in the Milky Way's disk and halo differ and can they be identified using a machine learning algorithm?
What is the nature of hypervelocity stars and their ejection mechanisms, and can a statistical sample of HVSs from the LAMOST spectroscopic surveys and the upcoming Gaia mission provide vital constraints on the ejection efficiency and mass loss rate of globular clusters?
What is the cause of the "bumpy" pattern seen in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and how likely is it to be a temporary perturbation or a small random fluctuation?
Did the thick disk set the initial conditions for the formation of the thin disk and is there a correlation between the stellar ages of the thick and thin disks?
Can the Gaia mission's initial data release be used to determine the kinematics of the thin and thick disks and provide insight into the dynamical evolution of the Milky Way?
What is the origin and properties of the HR 1614 moving group and how can it be explained by different scenarios such as a merger event, a disrupted dwarf galaxy, or a progenitorless accretion?
What are the accurate distance estimates for globular clusters can be obtained by combining data from Gaia DR3 parallaxes with Bayesian sky background modelling?
Can the proper motions of Galactic halo star streams be used to measure the Sun's motion and confirm that the Milky Way is gravitationally tethered at the Local Maximum?
Does the structure of the Galactic potential leave a clear imprint on the properties of phase-mixed debris streams, specifically for the Helmi streams in the local stellar halo of the Milky Way?
What is the origin and properties of the Orphan Stream in the Galactic halo, as determined through spectroscopic and photometric analyses?
Does the presence of binary companions in globular clusters affect their kinematics and what constraints can be placed on the mass and distance of the Milky Way using the kinematics of these objects?
What is the most accurate and robust method for determining spectro-photometric distances of red giant stars in the Galactic disk using synthetic isochrones and compared to other methods?
Can the use of Gaia data with PSF-matching techniques provide a more comprehensive understanding of the spatial and kinematic distribution of objects in the Milky Way, leading to a richer picture of the system's substructure and kinematic history?
What is the origin of high velocity stars and can it be determined through measuring their chemical abundances and analyzing their orbits?
Is there a possible correlation between the period and the age of the open clusters, and can the period of the variables in these clusters be used to derive their atmospheric parameters and mass loss estimates?
Can the Gaia DR3 catalogue be used to detect and characterize the kinematic and chemical properties of the inflowing stellar halo in the Galactic center, and provide a preview of what to expect from future studies of the low-mass stellar populations in the vicinity of the accreted progenitor dwarf galaxy?
What is the cause of the lithium enhancement in globular cluster stars, and can it be explained by fresh Li production or binary mass transfer from a red giant branch star?
Could the observed "bump" in the metallicity of the Galactic thin disk be explained by a population of dynamically young stars, and is there evidence for a recent starburst in the thick disk?
Are the observed breathing motions in the Milky Way a result of resonances with a population of yet-to-be-discovered dwarf galaxies, and can cosmological simulations provide a way to constrain the galaxy's present-day space density and determine whether or not it has been void-free throughout its history?
Are the possible extended star clusters in the inner halo of the Milky Way galaxy the result of tidal slingshot orbits from interaction with the Large Magellanic Cloud, and can the overdensities in the star counts in the stellar halo be explained by the broken density profile of the tidal tails?
What is the mass of the Milky Way's dark matter halo, and how does it relate to the observed position and velocity of the Leo I dwarf spheroidal galaxy?
Could the recent passage of a large asteroid cause the observed slight shift in the position of a small moon, and could this shift be measured with upcoming surveys such as Gaia and 4MOST?
Can an improved Gaia DR4 parallax bias be determined as a function of distance, color, and ecliptic latitude using a single method applied to stars in open clusters, globulars, the LMC, and the SMC?
Is the Galactic stellar warp a gravitationally induced phenomenon that affects both red giant stars and blue stragglers?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to effectively scale and compare stellar parameters and elemental abundances from the APOGEE and Gaia data-sets to obtain accurate distances and metallicities?
What is the cause of the sinusoidal wiggle in the GD-1 stream, and can it be explained by the perturbation caused by a large object passing through the stream?
Can the \textit{Cannon} data-driven method be used to successfully estimate spectro-photometric distances of stars, and can it be trained and validated using data from the Gaia archive?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor a supermassive black hole?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VV 291, a carbon-enhanced metal-poor globular cluster with a kinematical profile similar to a tidal dwarf galaxy, and how does its outer halo-like profile and tidal tail suggest a disrupted tidal dwarf galaxy?
What is the most accurate model for tracking chemical evolution in galaxies over time, taking into account delayed enrichment from low-mass satellites, multiple bursts of star formation, and dynamic star formation zones?
Can the 'Gaia' mission be used to determine the stellar parameters, distances, and abundances for nearly a billion stars and reveal new information about the structure and evolution of the Milky Way?
Can chemical abundances, particularly the [$\alpha$/Fe] ratio, [O/Fe], and [Zn/Fe], be used as age proxies to derive stellar ages for different metallicities?
How do energetically unbound stars known as potential escapers impact the kinematics of stellar populations in globular clusters, and what constraints can be placed on their properties and escape speed?
What is the mass of the Milky Way within a distance of 12 kpc and is there coherent stellar velocity structure in the halo that can explain the break in anisotropy in the 15-25 kpc region?
What is the origin of "dwarf" and "dense" globular clusters, and how do their kinematics and chemical compositions differ?
Could the recent passage of the Large Magellanic Cloud have triggered the wave observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the solar neighborhood, and what other factors may have contributed to its explanation?
What are the properties and characteristics of simulated Milky Way-mass galaxies that have undergone both a Gaia-Enceladus-Sausage merger and a recent accretion of a Large Magellanic Cloud, and can the merger signature in these galaxies be distinguished from the signature left by a recent accretion of the LMC?
Can the Gaia-ESO Survey data be used to provide radial velocity and spectroscopic metallicity measurements for Trumpler 23 and isolate the core of the cluster, confirming its stellar-mass and chemical authenticity?
Can data mining and statistical techniques identify previously undiscovered substructures in the rich and poor halo regions of the Milky Way, including those associated with known merger events, and provide a complementary approach to galaxy formation and structure studies?
Can chemical abundances of red giant stars in open clusters be used to detect interesting substructures, and what constraints can be derived on the large scale structure of the Galaxy from the observed patterns in the space density and velocity dispersion of different clusters?
What is the nature and origin of the unusual kinematic properties of VVV-CL160, a dynamically interesting star with a wide range of possibilities for its classification, and how can further spectroscopic and photometric observations help to constrain its physical parameters and chemical abundances?
Can the Gaia mission's science objectives be achieved using a hypothetical dataset constructed from a mixture of mock signals generated using Gaia DR2 simulation tools?
Can the VISTA Variables in the Via L\'actea Extended Survey (VVVX) be used to discover new open clusters and determine their physical parameters, including distances, ages, and binarity rates?
How do the chemical abundances of red giant stars in open clusters relate to stellar nucleosynthesis and Galactic chemo-dynamical evolution, and how do they compare to previous results obtained in studies of open clusters, globular clusters, and the thick and thin disks of the Galaxy?
Is the co-rotation resonance what stabilizes the spiral structure in the Galactic disk and is it related to the water masers?
What is the origin of the anomalous abundance ratios observed in a unique sub-population of silicon-enhanced metal-poor stars, and how do they relate to known halo substructures?
Can the formation of spirals in the (z,v_z) phase plane of solar-neighbourhood stars, observed in both Milky Way and its neighbor galaxies, be explained by a simple model that considers the amplitude and frequency of stars' vertical oscillations and the tidal force exerted by massive substructures passing through the Galactic plane?
What is the mass of the Milky Way and how can it be accurately determined using the systemic proper motions of old open clusters measured by the VVV survey?
Can the use of Gaia EDR3 data with the new Wavelet Transform Machine help identify and study stellar streams in the Milky Way by overcoming the challenge of separating them from background galaxies and improving their detection sensitivity by at least three times compared to other methods?
Can the Gaia mission be used to identify and measure the three-dimensional structures of the Galactic disc, including the spiral arms, the outer warp, and the inner stellar warp, as well as the spiral density wave and pattern speed of the Milky Way's outer disc?
Is the warp structure in the Milky Way a generic feature of all bar-like galaxies and can it be confirmed by analyzing a large sample of $\sim 300$ bar-like galaxies from the {\it Gaia} Early Data Release 3?
Are the two distinct populations of high-velocity stars in the Galaxy's thick disk that are observed to have different metallicity distribution functions formed at comparable times and did their bimodal [Mn/Fe] distribution originate in the thin disk?
What are the possible mechanisms for accelerating old, metal-poor stars to extreme velocities and how does understanding the origin of these stars at the forefront of the Milky Way's gravitational field inform us about the galaxy's local velocity distribution?
What are the origins of ultra metal-poor stars and what can their orbits tell us about the early formation of the Milky Way?
Do massive stars have to be born in dense clusters or can they be found in less dense environments and potentially migrate there?
What are the properties and distinct components of old populations in the Milky Way based on the metallicity distribution of fundamental-mode RR Lyrae stars detected by the OGLE survey?
Can the use of new and more reliable distance and proper motion measurements, combined with precise orbits from Gaia DR2, significantly improve the accuracy of the local matter density and consequently the gravitational potential in the solar neighborhood, and can this new density field be used to constrain the various effects of matter on different astrophysical systems in the neighborhood of the Sun?
Can the Gaia DR1 parallax bias be quantified and eliminated from distance estimates using a homogeneous sample of primary stellar spectroscopic parallaxes?
Can the behavior of the dominant mode in a perturbation series of an arbitrary celestial body be predicted using a finite element method and compared to analytical estimates and observations?
Can Gaia measurements of proper motions be used to identify and study the dynamical properties of minor objects in the Milky Way, including the sub-centimeter asteroid stream surrounding the globular cluster M13 and the distant stellar stream associated with a former tidal disruption event in the outer disk?
Did the Gaia-Sausage-Enceladus gas-rich merger induce a starburst, contributing to the chemical enrichment and creating conditions for the formation of star clusters in the local interstellar space?
What is the most up-to-date and accurate catalogue of classical Cepheids within the Milky Way bulge and disk?
What are the different heating mechanisms and age-velocity-dispersion relations for the low and high alpha/Fe discs of the Milky Way at different Galactocentric radii, and how do outer disc populations vary in terms of their heating and kinematics compared to inner disc populations?
What are the kinematic constraints on the chemical evolution of the Galactic thin disc using open clusters as probes and what is the role of the spiral arms in the formation of the $\alpha$-enhanced objects?
What are the kinematics and dynamics of the outer halo, and what are the possible formation scenarios for the low-mass satellite system in the outer halo of the Milky Way?
Are the proposed stellar members of Chamaeleon I and II chemically distinguishable from each other and from other open clusters?
Can the use of GALAH data with \textit{Gaia} DR2 parallaxes plus 5D spectro-photometric information, compared with Gaia \textit{TGAS} parallaxes, reduce systematic errors in distance estimates and allow for better-constrained samples of stars with [Fe/H] measurements?
Are the low-luminosity dwarf galaxies Crater II and Hercules a combined system that has been distorted by the Large Magellanic Cloud, providing a unique opportunity to study the external perturbations that have affected it?
Can a non-parametric model for the Galactic potential be constructed that accurately predicts the number density and chemical abundances of stars in the Open Cluster NGC 2818, and can this model be used to constrain the chemodynamical parameters of the Galaxy?
What is the age and metallicity of Gaia 1, and how does it contribute to our understanding of the formation and structure of the Milky Way, particularly in the disk-bulge-halo interface?
Can we use spectroscopic and astrometric values measured for individual stars to calculate their distances, chemical abundances, and kinematics, and investigate the parameters space of the Galaxy models?
Does the abundance of s-process neutron-capture elements increase in a gradient with decreasing stellar age, and is there a possible break in the gradient at an intermediate stellar age?
Does the observed asymmetry in the number of stars in the leading and trailing tidal tails of open clusters support the "tidal tails are young" hypothesis?
What is the cause of the ridges and arches observed in the phase-space distribution of stars in the Milky Way, and what is the relationship between them?
Can the dynamics of individual stars be modeled to infer constraints on the stellar and dark matter mass distribution within our galaxy, and can this technique be applied to measure the dark matter mass and constrain the galaxy's gravitational potential accurately?
What is the origin of the dominant stellar halo component with high metallicity and retrograde kinematics in the solar neighborhood, and how is it linked to an ancient head-on collision with a large dwarf galaxy?
What is the formation scenario of Westerlund 2 (Wd2) and can it be explained by either the disruption of a small cluster or the evaporative removal of gas from a massive proto-cluster?
Can a new methodology consisting of high-dimensional data analysis and a particle spray code be used to identify extra-tidal stars associated with globular clusters and determine their physical parameters, including metallicity and distance?
Is M62-VLA1 a candidate stellar-mass black hole in a star-forming galactic center?
Is the outer halo of the Milky Way galaxy fragmented into sub-haloes due to the strong gravitational potential of the inner dark matter mass, and can cosmological simulations separate the fractions of stars originating from each sub-halo and measure the mass of the halo and the sub-halo mass function?
What is the total mass and density profile of the Milky Way and how is it affected by the presence of a massive Large Magellanic Cloud and unbound stars?
Can Gaia provide a better understanding of the dynamics of the Galactic disc and open clusters by measuring their orbital parameters, kinematics, and providing a detailed map of the abundance distribution?
Can Gaia EDR3 astrometry and DR2 radial velocities be used to identify and characterize hyper-runaway star candidates in the Milky Way galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize open clusters and candidate stellar origins for known and proposed hypervelocity stars in the Milky Way?
Are the double populations of stars in the globular cluster NGC 6761 coeval, and can the sum of A(C+N+O) abundances provide information on the formation history of the cluster?
Can white dwarf stars be used as reliable cosmochronometers to identify and derive an age distribution of the Hercules stellar stream by analyzing their kinematic characteristics?
What are the kinematic properties of Milky Way globular clusters and what is the effect of different potential models on the interpretation of spectroscopic measurements?
Does the massive Galactic cluster, Omega Centauri, harbor a supermassive black hole that is regularly exposed to infalling red giant stars, which can be identified through their chemical signature and traced to being born in the core of $\omega$ Centauri?
Can the behavior of uncertainties in Gaia EDR3 parallaxes be characterized and a procedure for the calculation of distances to stars and stellar clusters be provided?
What is the origin of a group of kinematically and chemically distinct halo stars in the Solar neighborhood, and how do their trajectories and chemical composition provide evidence for the disrupted accretion event of a dwarf galaxy?
Can the Gaia mission's science performance after one year of operations contribute to reconstructing the history of the Milky Way?
Do young stars in the Perseus arm exhibit coherent outward motion with a possible convergence zone near the W3/W4/W5 region?
How does the contraction of dark matter halo leads to a significant reduction in the required dark matter density to account for the observed overdensity of stars in the solar neighborhood, and what implications does this have for the interpretation of cosmological observations and the design of future experiments?
Can Gaia EDR3 data identify and characterize the structures of the tidal debris field surrounding the Galactic globular cluster M67 and provide unprecedented constraints on the cluster's past tidal encounters?
What is the structure and properties of the outer Galactic disc, including the warp, ridges, and spiral arms, as determined by analyzing open clusters located in all four quadrants and incorporating accurate distance estimates and proper motion measurements?
What is the nature of the bimodal metallicity distribution function (MDF) observed in local open clusters, and how can the distribution function parameters (e.g., scale length, sigma_el, and metallicity-dependent alpha) be used to derive structural and chemical information about the clusters and the Galactic environment?
Does the Milky Way have an uncommonly quiet merger history that leads to an essentially in-situ bulge and what implications does this have for the interpretation of observed kinematics and chemical properties in the disk and the bulge?
What are the different mechanisms that can explain the extended kinematic map of [$\alpha$/Fe] in the Galactic thin disc and how do they relate to the formation of different [$\alpha$/Fe] environments in the Galaxy?
Can a neural network trained on Gaia catalog entries accurately distinguish between good and bad astrometric solutions based on information about nearby sources, resulting in an astrometric fidelity parameter that is an order of magnitude cleaner than any single quality flag?